The chairman of A.C. Milan is Silvio Berlusconi  .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada  .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen  .
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team  .
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team  .
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil  .
Adam Maher was born in Diemen  .
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands  .
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team  .
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven  .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team  .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin  .
Akeem Dent is Atlanta Falcons  .
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies  .
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League  .
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim  .
The Al Kharaitiyat SC is nicknamed Qatar Stars League  .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad  .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.  .
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.  .
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-19 football team  .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was founded in 1995-09-02  .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is in the Florida Panthers  club .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. has a height of 1.905  .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is in the National Hockey League  league .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born in 1989-02-24  .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm  .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi  .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia  .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team  .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma  .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma  .
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba  .
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball Super League  league .
Atlanta Falcons is located in Atlanta  .
The manager of Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney  .
Budapest is in the Hungary  .
The English language  is spoken in Canada .
The Slavey language  is spoken in Canada .
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio  .
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny  .
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov  .
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov  .
The Finnish language  is spoken in Finland .
Daniele Zoratto  is the chairman of Italy national under-16 football team .
Zvi Sherf  is the manager of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. .
Motherwell F.C. 's ground is in Fir Park  .
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas  .
St. Louis Rams is located in St. Louis  .
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee  .
Aaron Boogaard , who was born in Saskatchewan  , has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Abel Hernández is in the Peñarol club and manages Jorge Orosmán da Silva  .
Abel Hernández is in the U.S. Città di Palermo club and plays for Peñarol  .
Adam Maher is in the Netherlands national under-17 football team club and plays for AZ Alkmaar  .
Adam Maher is in the PSV Eindhoven club and plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team  .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Steel Azin F.C. club and plays for Al Shorta SC  .
Akeem Adams is in the Ferencvárosi TC club and manages Thomas Doll  .
Akeem Adams is in the Trinidad and Tobago national football team club and plays for T&TEC Sports Club  .
Akeem Ayers , also known as 39  , was founded in New England Patriots .
Akeem Ayers , also known as 39  , was founded in Tennessee Titans .
Akeem Dent ( born in 1987-09-27  ) was a 1987 .
Akeem Priestley is in the Connecticut Huskies club and plays for Sheikh Russel KC  .
Akeem Priestley is in the RoPS club and plays for Sheikh Russel KC  .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club and Al Khor  .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club and manages Amar Osim  .
Alan Martin (footballer) is in the Hamilton Academical F.C. club and plays for Leeds United F.C.  .
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and New Douglas Park  .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. , who was born in 1995-09-02  , has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. , who was born in Tampere, Finland  , has been the manager of A C Cesena .
FC Torpedo Moscow manages the Aleksandr Chumakov and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow  .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the FC Spartak Moscow club and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar  .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and Russian Football National League  .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the FC Karpaty Lviv club and plays for FC Dinamo Batumi  .
Alex Plante ( born in Manitoba  ) was a student at the 1989 .
Alex Tyus is a US national who was born in 1988-01-08  .
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball Super League league and is a member of the Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.  .
Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba where Alex Plante  was born .
Adam McQuaid  was born in Canada , the O Canada .
Adam McQuaid  was born in Canada , where the language is English .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Levan Khomeriki who plays for Aleksandre Guruli  .
FC Spartak Moscow 's ground is Otkrytiye Arena , who is in the Aleksandr Prudnikov  club .
Akeem Priestley  is the manager of RoPS , Veikkausliiga .
United Petrotrin F.C. 's ground is Palo Seco Velodrome , who is in the Akeem Adams  club .
Aaron Hunt is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for both Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen  .
Aaron Hunt has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both VfL Wolfsburg and Dieter Hecking .
Abel Hernández is a member of the Central Español club and plays for both Hull City A.F.C. and U.S. Città di Palermo  .
Abel Hernández is a member of the Central Español club and plays for both U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol  .
Adam Maher is a US national who was born in Netherlands and plays for PSV Eindhoven .
Akeem Adams plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and is attached to the club Palo Seco .
Akeem Ayers ( Los Angeles Rams ) has the CODEN code 39  and the CODEN code 2 .
Akeem Ayers ( St. Louis Rams ) has the CODEN code 39  and the CODEN code 2 .
Akeem Dent , who was born in Atlanta, Georgia  , was a member of the Atlanta Falcons crew , and was a part of the 1987-09-27 .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra , who is a member of the Iraq national under-20 football team  club , was born in Iraq .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al Khor club and plays for both Al Kharaitiyat SC and Shabab Al-Ordon Club  .
Alan Martin (footballer) is a player in 1989-01-01 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Clyde F.C.  .
Alan Martin (footballer) has been the manager of A C Cesena and is a member of the Calcio Cantania . He also plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. , who was born in Tampere, Finland  and was a member of the 1995-09-02 crew , is the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. , who was born in Tampere, Finland  , was a member of the Florida Panthers crew , and was a part of the 1995-09-02 .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia , the Soviet Union  where the leader is Vladimir Putin .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who is a member of the FC Alania Vladikavkaz  club , was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , a US national , was born in 1989-02-24 and has a member of the FC Tom Tomsk  .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and is attached to the club Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the Parc Olympique Lyonnais club and plays for both Olympique Lyonnais and US Lesquin  .
Alessio Romagnoli has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both A.C. Milan and Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both A.C. Milan and Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli , who is in the Daniele Zoratto club , was once a footballer for Chesterfield FC .
Alessio Romagnoli is a US national who was born in Italy  . He was a US national .
Alex Plante , a 1.9304 national , spent Brandon, Manitoba minutes in space .
Alex Plante is a US national born in Canada  . He is a Anyang Halla national .
Alex Tyus is a player in Euroleague , where the leader is Zvi Sherf  and the club is Maccabi Ashdod B.C. .
Alex Tyus is a player in Turkish Basketball Super League , where the leader is Zvi Sherf  and the club is Maccabi Ashdod B.C. .
FC Spartak Moscow 's ground is Otkrytiye Arena , who is in the Aleksandr Prudnikov club and plays for the FC Tom Tomsk  .
FC Spartak Moscow 's ground is Otkrytiye Arena , who is in the Aleksandr Prudnikov league and is the home ground of AEK Otkrytiye Arena F.C .
FC Torpedo Moscow , whose full name is Valery Petrakov  , was created by 2014–15 Russian Premier League and Aleksandr Chumakov .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Steve Bruce who also plays for Abel Hernández and Uruguay Olympic football team  .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Russia  and died in Moscow . The leader of Moscow was Sergey Sobyanin .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Luis Miguel Ramis who plays for Abner (footballer) and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Luis Miguel Ramis who also plays for Abner (footballer) and C.D. FAS  .
St. Louis Stadium and St. Louis City Hall are both located in St. Louis , which is led by Francis G. Slay  .
The Akeem Ayers is a key person at the Tennessee Titans which has its headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee and is also known as Tennessee Titans .
United Petrotrin F.C. 's ground is Palo Seco , who is in the Akeem Adams club and plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team  .
Aaron Hunt has been the manager of A C Cesena , he was at the club ASD Licita 1931 and has been the manager of A C Cesena . He was also at the club ASD Licita 1931 .
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is affiliated with the Hull City A.F.C. club . He is now manager of 1 FC Koln and plays for Central Español .
Abel Hernández plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club Central Español . He has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Abel Hernández has been the manager of A C Cesena , he was at the club ASD Licita 1931 and has been the manager of A C Cesena . He was also at the club ASD Licita 1931 .
Adam McQuaid ( born in Prince Edward Island ) was a crew member of 1986  and has the OCLC number 94.8024 (kilograms) .
Don Sweeney is the manager of Adam McQuaid which has the Columbus Blue Jackets as its manager . His own club is Boston Bruins and the club is managed by Don Sweeney .
Akeem Ayers ( St. Louis Rams ) was first published in 1989  and has Tennessee Titans members .
Akeem Dent ( born in 1987-09-27 ) was a part of the 1987 crew , with Houston Texans and 1987-09-27 .
Akeem Dent ( born in 1987-09-27 ) was a member of the Atlanta Falcons crew , with the Houston Texans and Atlanta, Georgia  .
Al Kharaitiyat SC 's ground is Al Khor , who is in the Alaa Abdul-Zahra club . He has managed AC Chievo Verona .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al Khor club , plays for both Al Kharaitiyat SC and Iraq national under-23 football team .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al Khor club , plays for both Al Kharaitiyat SC and Shabab Al-Ordon Club .
Alan Martin (footballer) , a US national , was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club 185.42 (centimetres) .
Alan Martin (footballer) , a US national , was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club 185.42 (centimetres) .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ( born 1989-02-24 ) is a member of the 185.0 (centimetres) club and plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , a US national , was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club 185.0 (centimetres) .
Aleksandre Guruli is a US national who was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club 178.0 (centimetres) .
Alex Plante ( born in Canada ) was a student at the 1989 . He was a member of the Anyang Halla , which was founded in 1989-05-09  .
Alex Plante is a US national who was born in Canada  . He is a 1.9304 national .
The official language of the Canada is O Canada , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and the Inuktitut  is spoken . The country is the location of Inuktitut  .
The Canada is led by Elizabeth II and the native people are known as Asian Canadians . Asian Canadians is a leader in the country .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the Canada where the O Canada is spoken and one of the leaders is Slavey language . English is the language spoken in the Canada .
A.D. Isidro Metapan 's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , who is in the Aleksandr Prudnikov club . He has managed AC Chievo Verona .
Aleksandr Tukmanov  is the alternative name of the comic character , FC Torpedo Moscow , which was created by 2014–15 Russian Premier League and FC Torpedo Moscow .
The Akeem Dent is located in the city of Houston  , Houston Texans . It has the full name `` Texas `` and the Atlanta Falcons .
Hull City A.F.C. is the manager of Peñarol , who play in the Uruguayan Primera División league , which was previously won by Abel Hernández .
Abel Hernández has been the manager of A C Cesena . He is in the Central Español club and plays for both Peñarol and Uruguayan Segunda División .
Aleksandr Chumakov is a US national who was born in Russia . He is lead by Valery Petrakov  and Valery Petrakov  .
Aleksandre Guruli has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Oleh Luzhny . He has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both FC Karpaty Lviv and Olympique Lyonnais .
Alessio Romagnoli , who was a member of the A.C. Milan , is in the Serie A club . He has been the manager of A C Cesena and the Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli has been the manager of A C Cesena , has been the manager of A C Cesena and has been the manager of A C Cesena . He was also at the club ASD Licita 1931 and has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Abel Hernández is the manager of the Central Español . The club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini , who has been the manager of A C Cesena and was previously at the club ASD Licita 1931 . He is in the Uruguayan Segunda División league .
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov , who is in the Otkrytiye Arena club . He has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays for FC Amkar Perm .
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov who is in the FC Terek Grozny club . He has managed AC Chievo Verona and their ground is in Grozny .
FC Terek Grozny 's ground is Grozny , who is in the Aleksandr Prudnikov club . He has managed AC Chievo Verona .
Aleksandr Chumakov is the creator of the comic character , FC Torpedo Moscow , who was born in Soviet Union . He was created by 2014–15 Russian Premier League and Soviet Union .
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll who is in the Palo Seco club and plays for both United Petrotrin F.C. and Palo Seco .
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll who is in the Palo Seco Velodrome club and plays for both United Petrotrin F.C. and Palo Seco Velodrome .
