Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart . (id0)
Aaron S Daggett , fought in battles , most notably the Battle of Fredericksburg , he was awarded the Purple Heart . (id1)
Born in Maine , Purple Heart recipient , Aaron S Daggett has fought in battles , the most notable being the Battle of Fredericksburg . (id2)
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id3)
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id4)
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run . (id5)
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id6)
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . (id7)
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and worked for his country 's Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport office . He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . (id8)
Stellendam , Netherlands is the birthplace of Ab Klink . (id9)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak . Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud . (id10)
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's deputy . Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's successor . (id11)
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President . (id12)
Abdul Taib Mahmud belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak . (id13)
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Sarawak , belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id14)
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Kuching , was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented Asajaya . (id15)
Born on 1936-05-21 , in Miri , Malaysia , Abdul Taib Mahmud , lives in Kuching . His party is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . (id16)
Abdul Taid Mahmud , a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak . (id17)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and resided in the Kingdom of Sarawak . He was in the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented the Asajaya region . (id18)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by the University of Adelaide educated Adenan Satem . (id19)
Japanese occupied , British Borneo , was the birthplace of Adenan Satem , who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud . Abdul Taid Mahmud is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak . (id20)
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( who lives in Sarawak ) 's successor was Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese Occupation of British Borneo . Abdul Taib Mahmud 's party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id21)
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib . (id22)
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 . (id23)
Minna was the birthplace of Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id24)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and he attended the Technical Institute Kaduna . (id25)
Abdulsalami Abubakar 's birthplace was Niger State . (id26)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State , graduated from the Technical Institute in Kaduna and became the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id27)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served office during Mike Akhigbe 's Vice Presidenacy and began his career 05/29/1999 . Nigerian Navy veteran Mike Akhigbe preceded Oladipo Diya and succeeded Atiku Abubakar . (id28)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar . (id29)
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe 's predecessor , Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Abdulsalami Abubakar , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash . (id30)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was born in Niger State , was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id31)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and he was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash . (id32)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , ended his career on 1999-05-29 , and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . (id33)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was also in office while Mr. Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Mr. Abubaka . (id34)
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Army and ended his career on 1999-05-2 . Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe , who succeeded Oladipo Diya , was Vice President . (id35)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force , was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President . (id36)
Olusegun Obasanjo , who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President , succeeded Nigerian Army man Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id37)
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies . (id38)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain , and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id39)
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , held office during the monarchy of Juan Carlos I of Spain ( preceeded by Francisco Franco ) and Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez ' leadership . (id40)
Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party member and Minister of Transport Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain . (id41)
Abner W. Sibal ended his military career January 3 , 1965 . (id42)
Abner W Sibal served with the US Army in World War II . Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Second World War . (id43)
Abner W. Sibal fought during WWII and the Russian commander was Joseph Stalin . (id44)
Abner W Sibal died in Alexandria , Virginia . (id45)
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army , which fought in the Korean War . (id46)
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and a member of the Republic Party of the U.S . He was also a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . (id47)
American Abraham A. Ribicoff born in Connecticut was a member of United States Democratic Party and worked as a governor of Connecticut . He passed away in United Staes . (id48)
Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in Connecticut , United States , worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and he was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He died in New York City . (id49)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. one of the citizens of that country was , Abraham A Ribicoff . He born in Connecticut . married to Casey Ribicoff and died in New York . (id50)
United States national Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and married Casey Ribicoff . An ethnic group in the U.S. are Native Americans . (id51)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge . His career began on May 5 , 2005 and he took part in the Gulf War battles . (id52)
During the Gulf war George H W Bush was a commander and Adam Holloway was involved in the battles whilst serving in the Grenadier guards . (id53)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent . (id54)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge . (id55)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent , and began his career on the 5th May 2005 . He served in the Grenadier guards and was a MP for Gravesham . His alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge . (id56)
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and he went to Magdalene College , Cambridge and joined the Grenadier Guards in the military before joining the Tories . (id57)
Conservative Party ( UK ) member Adam Holloway , who studied at Magdalene College , Cambridge , was born in Faversham . (id58)
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend . (id59)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend . (id60)
Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish Soviet war in which Adam Koc was also involved . Koc was born in Congress , Poland . (id61)
Adam Koc , a Polish nationalist , fought in the Polish-Soviet War . Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war . The Polish language is used in Poland . (id62)
Adam Koc , who died in New York City , fought in the Polish-Soviet War , in which Joseph Stalin was a commander . This war formed part of the Russian Civil War . (id63)
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War . Leon Trotsky was the commender in the Polish - Soviet War . (id64)
Adam Koc fought in WWI and he was awarded the Virtuti Militari award . (id65)
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide . (id66)
Adolf Schärf 's place of birth was Mikulov . (id67)
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens Greece worked for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism and his successor was Makis Voridis . (id68)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id69)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally . (id70)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , in Greece . (id71)
Greek born Adonis Georgiadis he has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id72)
Born in Athens , Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id73)
Adonis Georgiadis , born Athens ( Greece ) , held office as the Minister for Health . (id74)
Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id75)
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was birth in Athens ( Greece ) . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras , who himelf , had served in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . (id76)
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece whose color is blue . Mr. Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id77)
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping . (id78)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece and before being succeeded by Makis Voridis worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament . (id79)
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf . (id80)
Agnes Kant , born in Hessisch Oldendorf , worked as the Parliamentary group leader . (id81)
Emile Roemer is a leader of the Socialist Party in Netherlands of which Agnes Kant is also a member . The country uses the Euro as its currency . (id82)
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands , where she is from , and who 's leader is Mark Rutte . (id83)
Socialist Party member Agnes Kant , who is a Netherlands national , worked at the House of the Representatives in the Netherlands . The leader there is Mark Rutte . (id84)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands , where the leader is , Mark Rutte.Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands . Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . (id85)
Agnes Kant was a national of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) who resided in Doesburg . She worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib . (id86)
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte . (id87)
Agnes Kant lives in Doesburg and is a national of the Netherlands , which is led by Mark Rutte . Emile Roemer is member and leader of the Socialist Party , in the Netherlands . (id88)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . In the Netherlands , Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party . (id89)
Agnes Kant , a Netherland national , is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and uses the colour of red . (id90)
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives . He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen . (id91)
Marietta , Ohio was the birthplace of Agnes Ward White . (id92)
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 . (id93)
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross . (id94)
Airey Neave received the Military Cross and served in the Royal Artillery . (id95)
Airey Neave began his career on March 4th 1974 and was involved in the Battle of France . (id96)
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge in London and started his career on the 30th June 1953 . He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on the 30th March 1979 . (id97)
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , was involved in the Battle of France ; he began his career on March 4th 1974 , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 . (id98)
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France , the battle where Hugo Sperrle was the commander . (id99)
Airey Neave fought in World War II and had a political career that started on June 30th , 1953 and ended March 30th , 1979 . (id100)
Airey Neave , who was in World War II , began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on 30th March 1979 . (id101)
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II . (id102)
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander . (id103)
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II , the war Airey Neave was involved in . (id104)
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave . (id105)
Airey Neave 's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel . (id106)
Airey Neave began his military career in 1935 . (id107)
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit , which has a garrison in Hohne , during World War Two . One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek . (id108)
Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland an died at Parkersburg , West Virginia was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington Maryland . (id109)
Born on the 22nd of September , 1856 , Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia on 1941-07-03 . (id110)
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941 . (id111)
Albert B . White was born 22nd of September , 1856 and died on 3rd of July , 1941 . (id112)
Albert B . White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States . (id113)
Albert B White , born 1856-09-22 , profession was politician . (id114)
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White . (id115)
William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B . White , whose spouse was Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio . (id116)
Cleveland born Albert B White , whose wife was Agnes Ward White , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id117)
Cleveland born Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , served as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson . (id118)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M.O . Dawson . He started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 . (id119)
Succeeded by William M. O. Dawson , Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States . Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . (id120)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where one of the languages spoken is French , He fought in the American Civil War , a conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander . (id121)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id122)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City an died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . (id123)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War where one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis . (id124)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in New Mexico Territory . (id125)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died in the New Mexico Territory in the U.S . (id126)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and later died in the United States . (id127)
Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory . He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President . (id128)
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army . (id129)
Born in New York City , Albert Jennings Fountain , was a member of the Republican Party in the United States . (id130)
Buenos Aires , which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire , is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id131)
Alberto Teisaire belongs to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id132)
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Juan Perón , was married to Eva Perón , and belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the leader of which is , Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id133)
Alberto Teisaire is Argentinian . (id134)
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina . Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . (id135)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina on 20 May 1891 . He was a Rear Admiral and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate before being succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id136)
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . (id137)
Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy . (id138)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a Rear Admiral who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id139)
Alfons Gorbach 's birthplace was Austria-Hungary . (id140)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol , in Austria . (id141)
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria . (id142)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol , Austria and died in the city of Graz . (id143)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of birth was the state , Tyrol , in Austria . He was a politician from the Austrian People 's Party , who died in Graz , in Styria . (id144)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol and died in Graz in Styria . He was a politician from the Austrian People 's Party . (id145)
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04 . (id146)
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville . (id147)
Alfred Moore Scales , was Governor of North Carolina , and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid . (id148)
Alfred Moore Scales , a member of the U.S. Democratic Party , was born in Reidsville , North Carolina . He Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle . (id149)
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle , his alma mater is Princeton University . (id150)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives . (id151)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips . (id152)
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States , Army , which battled in the American Civil War . (id153)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , who served in the US Army , fought in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion . He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district . (id154)
Alfred N. Phillips was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . (id155)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , a Democrate , worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeded by Albert E. Austin . (id156)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips and he was a member of the United States Democratic Party . He was also the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and his successor was Albert E. Austin . (id157)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U.S House of Representatives in the 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E. Austin . (id158)
Alfred N. Phillips , who was born in Darien , Connecticut , was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin . (id159)
Allan Shivers started his career from January 21 , 1947 . (id160)
Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was also a commander . (id161)
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was born in Lufkin Texas . (id162)
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army . (id163)
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) before being succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr . (id164)
Allan Shivers was part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur . Ben Ramsey succeeded him . (id165)
U.S. Democratic Party member and Texas Governor , Allan Shivers , was born in Lufkin , Texas . He was succeeded by Price Daniel . (id166)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was a Governor of the same state . He was also a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S and was later succeeded by Wilfred R.Cousins , Jr . (id167)
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel . (id168)
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District and his career ended on March 3rd 1857 . He was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington and he died in Sycamore , Illinois . (id169)
Alvah Sabin , who ended his career on 3 March 1857 , represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . (id170)
Alvah Sabin was an active politician beginning March 4 , 1853 . (id171)
Alvah Sabin was born October 23 , 1793 and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . (id172)
Alvah Sabin is from the state of Vermont , which has the largest city of Burlington . Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District . (id173)
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party . (id174)
Born on 23rd October , 1793 , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the United States Whig Party , the leader of which , was Henry Clay . (id175)
Born in Georgia , Vermont , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the Whig Party of the United States . Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id176)
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States and he represented Vermont , whose biggest city is Burlington . Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id177)
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore , Illinois . (id178)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War . A commander in that war was Abraham Lincoln . (id179)
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American civil war which included the Battle of Fredericksburg in which Alfred Moore Scales fought . (id180)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country where Alfred Moore Scales lived . He had fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which took place during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis . (id181)
Native Americans are of of the ethnic groups in the U.S. , the country , where Alfred Moore Scales lived . Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis . (id182)
A commander in the American Civil War was Robert E. Lee . (id183)
In Austria , the language is Austrian German . (id184)
Alfons Gorbach , was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures . (id185)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of birth was the state , Tyrol and place of death was in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures . (id186)
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfons Gorbach died in Styria . (id187)
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam . (id188)
The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War . (id189)
One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Robert E Lee . The conflict included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett took part and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id190)
The Battle of Salem Church , in which Aaron S Daggett fought and in which Robert E Lee was a commander , was part of the American Civil War . (id191)
The leader of Buenos Aires is called Gabriela Michetti . (id192)
Colin Powell was the commander in the Gulf War . (id193)
Dwight D. Eisenhower preceded John F. Kennedy as President . (id194)
Josef Klaus alma mater is the University of Vienna . (id195)
The predecessor of Juan Carlos I f Spain was Francisco Franco . (id196)
Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina . (id197)
Alberto Teisaire , is a national of Argentina , where Spanish is spoken . Alberto Teisaire , was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina . (id198)
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party of Argentina and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire was in office . Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was eventually succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id199)
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken . He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron . (id200)
Born in Stellendam , Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency . (id201)
Agnes Kant 's country is the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id202)
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte . (id203)
Agnes Kant 's country is the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . (id204)
Albert B . White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia United States . (id205)
Adam Koc is from Poland , where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group . (id206)
The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War . (id207)
Bloomington , Maryland was the birthplace of William M O Dawson . (id208)
