Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart . (id0)
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart . (id0)
The Battle of Mine Run was one fought by Aaron S Daggett . (id1)
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run . (id1)
The Battle of Mine Run was one of the battles that Aaron S. Daggett fought at . (id1)
Stellendam , Netherlands is the birthplace of Ab Klink . (id2)
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam , Netherlands . (id2)
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President . (id3)
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President . (id3)
Abdul Taib Mahmud belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak . (id4)
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party . (id4)
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib . (id5)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib . (id5)
The sucessor to Abdul Taib Mahmud was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib . (id5)
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 . (id6)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna . (id7)
Minna was the birthplace of Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id7)
Abdulsalami Abubakar 's birthplace was Niger State . (id8)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State . (id8)
Abner W. Sibal ended his military career January 3 , 1965 . (id9)
Abner W Sibal died in Alexandria , Virginia . (id10)
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria , Virginia . (id10)
Abner W Sibal died in Alexandria , Virginia . (id10)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent . (id11)
Adam Holloway 's residence is Gravesend . (id12)
Adam Holloway resided in Gravesend . (id12)
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend . (id12)
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide . (id13)
Adenan Satem 's alma mater is the University of Adelaide . (id13)
Adolf Schärf 's place of birth was Mikulov . (id14)
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov . (id14)
Adolf Scharf was born in Mikulov . (id14)
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id15)
Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister . (id15)
Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id15)
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping . (id16)
Adonis Georgiadis was the Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping . (id16)
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping . (id16)
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf . (id17)
Marietta , Ohio was the birthplace of Agnes Ward White . (id18)
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta , Ohio . (id18)
The birthplace of Agnes Ward White is Marietta , Ohio . (id18)
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 . (id19)
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross . (id20)
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave . (id21)
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge , London . (id21)
Airey Neave 's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel . (id22)
Airey Neave was a Lieutenant Colonel . (id22)
Airey Neave began his military career in 1935 . (id23)
Airey Neave started serving in military in 1935 . (id23)
Airey Neave began his service in 1935 . (id23)
Albert B.White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States . (id24)
Albert B . White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States . (id24)
Albert B White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States . (id24)
The spouse of Albert B . White was Agnes Ward White . (id25)
Albert B . White is married to Agnes Ward White . (id25)
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White . (id25)
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army . (id26)
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army . (id26)
Alberto Teisaire 's nationality is Argentinian . (id27)
Alberto Teisaire is Argentinian . (id27)
Alberto Teisaire was Argentinian . (id27)
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy . (id28)
Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy . (id28)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of death was in Austria . (id29)
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria . (id29)
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04 . (id30)
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville . (id31)
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville . (id31)
Alfred Moore Scales was involved in the Battle of Chancellorsville . (id31)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips . (id32)
Alfred N. Phillips place of birth was Darien Connecticut . (id32)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut . (id32)
Alfred N Phillips was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . (id33)
Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut . (id33)
Alfred N. Phillips was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . (id33)
Allan Shivers started his career from January 21 , 1947 . (id34)
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army . (id35)
Allan Shivers had the successor Price Daniel . (id36)
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel . (id36)
Alvah Sabin was an active politician beginning March 4 , 1853 . (id37)
Alvah Sabin started active service on 1853-03-04 . (id37)
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party . (id38)
Alvah Sabin belongs to the Whig Party ( United States ) . (id38)
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States . (id38)
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War . (id39)
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the American Civil War . (id39)
A commander in the American Civil War was Robert E. Lee . (id39)
In Austria , the language is Austrian German . (id40)
The language in Austria is Austrian German . (id40)
The spoken language of Austria is Austrian German . (id40)
Robert E Lee was commander in the Battle of Antietam . (id41)
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam . (id41)
A commander at the Battle of Antietam was Robert . E. Lee . (id41)
The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War . (id42)
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Buenos Aires . (id43)
The leader of Buenos Aires is called Gabriela Michetti . (id43)
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michetti . (id43)
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War . (id44)
Colin Powell was the commander in the Gulf War . (id44)
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor to John F. Kennedy . (id45)
Dwight D. Eisenhower preceded John F. Kennedy as President . (id45)
John F. Kennedy 's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower . (id45)
The University of Vienna is the Alma mater of Josef Klaus . (id46)
Josef Klaus alma mater is the University of Vienna . (id46)
The alma mater of Josef Klaus is the University of Vienna . (id46)
Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain . (id47)
The predecessor of Juan Carlos I f Spain was Francisco Franco . (id47)
Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina . (id48)
Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina . (id48)
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte . (id49)
The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War . (id50)
The birthplace of William M. O. Dawson was Bloomington Maryland . (id51)
Bloomington , Maryland was the birthplace of William M O Dawson . (id51)
William M.O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id51)
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart . (id52)
Aaron S Daggett , fought in battles , most notably the Battle of Fredericksburg , he was awarded the Purple Heart . (id52)
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg . (id52)
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id53)
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id53)
Aaron S. Daggett , who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg , was awarded the Purple Heart . (id53)
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's deputy . Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's successor . (id54)
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud , has a deputy named Stephen Yong Kuet Tze . (id54)
The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , whose deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze . (id54)
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in Sarawak and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id55)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id55)
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Sarawak , belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id55)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , was born in Minna , and has the Technical Institute Kaduna , for an almar mater . (id56)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and he attended the Technical Institute Kaduna . (id56)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and attended the Technical Institute in Kaduna . (id56)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id57)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was born in Niger State , was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id57)
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria by Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id58)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and he was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash . (id58)
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar , who worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff . (id58)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , ended his career on 1999-05-29 , and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . (id59)
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . (id59)
Olusegun Obasanjo was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar , who ended his career on 1999-05-29 . (id59)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was also in office while Mr. Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Mr. Abubaka . (id60)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . (id60)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , whose successor was Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President . (id60)
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II in which Abner W Sibal also fought . (id61)
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and the commander of Russian during that war was Joseph Stalin . (id61)
Abner W. Sibal fought during WWII and the Russian commander was Joseph Stalin . (id61)
Abner W. Sibal serve in the United States army which took part in the Korean War . (id62)
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army , which fought in the Korean War . (id62)
Adam Holloway went to school at Magdalene College Cambridge and was born in Kent . (id63)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge . (id63)
Born in Kent , Adam Holloway now lives in Gravesend . (id64)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend . (id64)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lived in Gravesend . (id64)
Adam Koc , who won the Virtuti Militari award , fought in World War I . (id65)
Adam Koc fought in WWI and he was awarded the Virtuti Militari award . (id65)
Adam Koc fought in WW1 and received the Virtuti Militari award . (id65)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has been the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally . (id66)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally . (id66)
Bborn in Athens , Adonis Georgiadis , worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id66)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . (id67)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , in Greece . (id67)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece . (id67)
Born in Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id68)
Greek born Adonis Georgiadis he has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id68)
Agnes Kant , born in Hessisch Oldendorf , worked as the Parliamentary group leader . (id69)
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and was employed as a Parliamentary group leader . (id69)
Agnes Kant birthplace was in Hessisch Oldendorf . He was a Parliamentary group leader . (id69)
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Military Cross . (id70)
Airey Neave received the Military Cross and served in the Royal Artillery . (id70)
Airey Neave 's unit was the Royal Artillery and he was awarded the Military Cross . (id70)
Airey Neave was part of the Battle of France but started his career on March 4th , 1974 . (id71)
Airey Neave , began his career on March 4th 1974 , and fought in the Battle of France . (id71)
Airey Neave began his career on March 4th 1974 and was involved in the Battle of France . (id71)
Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France in which Hugo Sperrle was a commander . (id72)
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France , the battle where Hugo Sperrle was the commander . (id72)
Hugo Sperrle was a commander in the Battle of France in which Airey Neave was also involved . (id72)
Airey Neave , who was born in Kinightsbridge , fought in World War II . (id73)
Born in Kinightsbridge , Airey Neave fought in World War II . (id73)
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II . (id73)
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander . (id74)
Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander in World War II , in which Airey Neave fought . (id74)
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander . (id74)
Airey Neave fought in World War II during which Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id75)
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II , the war Airey Neave was involved in . (id75)
Airey Neave fought in World War II , where one of the commanders was , joseph Stalin . (id75)
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941 . (id76)
Albert B White was born 1856-09-22 and died in 1941 . (id76)
Albert B . White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941 . (id76)
Born 22nd September , 1856 , Albert B . White 's profession was politician . (id77)
Albert B White , born on 22nd September 1856 , profession was politician . (id77)
Albert B White , born 1856-09-22 , profession was politician . (id77)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City an died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . (id78)
Born in New York City , Albert Jennings Fountain , died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . (id78)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . (id78)
Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory . He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President . (id79)
Albert Jennings Fountain , who died in the New Mexico territory , was in office whilst Edmund J. Davis was Vice President . (id79)
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was a politician while Vice President Edmund J. Davis was in office later died in New Mexico Territory . (id79)
New York City is the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain who is also a member of the Republican Party in the U.S.A . (id80)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and is a member of the Republican Party . (id80)
Born in New York City , Albert Jennings Fountain , was a member of the Republican Party in the United States . (id80)
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeded by Isaac Rojas . (id81)
Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id81)
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . (id81)
Alfons Gorbach 's birthplace was Austria-Hungary . (id82)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and Austria- Hungary . (id82)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria Hungary . (id82)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol , in Austria . (id83)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol state in Austria . (id83)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria . (id83)
Alfred Moore Scales , Governor of North Carolina was succeeded by James W Reid . (id84)
Alfred Moore Scales , was Governor of North Carolina , and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid . (id84)
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by James W. Reid . (id84)
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle , his alma mater is Princeton University . (id85)
Daniel Gould Fowle , attended Princeton University , and suceeded Alfred Moore Scales . (id85)
Daniel Gould Fowle attended Princeton University and he succeeded Alfred Moore Scales . (id85)
Alfred N. Phillips was part of the U.S. House of Representatives and he was born in Connecticut . (id86)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives . (id86)
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War . (id87)
Alfred N. Phillip was a member of the US Army that fought in the American Civil War . (id87)
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States , Army , which battled in the American Civil War . (id87)
Allan Shivers fought during World War II in which Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id88)
Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was also a commander . (id88)
Allan Shivers fought battles in World War II and the commander of Russia at the time was Joseph Stalin . (id88)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) . (id89)
Allan Shivers who worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) , was born in Lufkin , Texas . (id89)
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was born in Lufkin Texas . (id89)
Allan Shivers was part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur . Ben Ramsey succeeded him . (id90)
Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) he was succeed by Ben Ramsey . (id90)
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and Ben Ramsey succeeded him . (id90)
Alvah Sabin was born October 23 , 1793 and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . (id91)
Alvah Sabin was born October 23 , 1793 . He worked as secretary of Vermont . (id91)
Alvah Sabin was born October 23 , 1793 and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont . (id91)
Agnes Kant 's country is the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id92)
Agnes Kant is a resident of Netherlands which uses the Euro as its currency.. (id92)
Agnes Kant comes from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro . (id92)
Agnes Kant lives in The Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte . (id93)
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . (id93)
Agnes Kant 's country is the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . (id93)
Albert B White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , which is part of the United States . (id94)
Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia , in the United States . (id94)
Albert B . White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia United States . (id94)
Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and , most notably , fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg . (id95)
Born in Maine , Purple Heart recipient , Aaron S Daggett has fought in battles , the most notable being the Battle of Fredericksburg . (id95)
Aaron S Daggett , born in Maine , fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg . He was given the Purple Heart . (id95)
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam . (id96)
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . (id96)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and he succeeded Abdul Rahman Ya'kub . Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub . (id97)
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'Kub whose deputy was Stephen Yong Kuet Tze . (id97)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak . Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud . (id97)
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , Abdul Taib Mahmud , resides in Sarawak and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party . (id98)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and lives in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the `` Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak '' party . (id98)
Abdul Taid Mahmud , a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak . (id98)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State , graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff . (id99)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State , graduated from the Technical Institute in Kaduna and became the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id99)
Abdulsalami Abubakar 's was born in Niger State . He attended the Technical Institute Kaduna and was part of the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id99)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force , was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President . (id100)
Nigerian Air Force member Abdulsalami Akubar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office whilst Atiku Akubakar was Vice President . (id100)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force . He was Vice-President when Olusegun Obasanjo was in office . Mr. Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id100)
Olusegun Obasanjo was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar of the Nigerian Army and was in office during Atiku Abubaker 's Vice Presidency . (id101)
Olusegun Obasanjo , who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President , succeeded Nigerian Army man Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id101)
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies . (id102)
Abel Caballero , born in Ponteareas , Galicia , Spain , worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies . (id102)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain , and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id103)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id103)
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia in Spain , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id103)
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought during WWII , when Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id104)
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in WWII . Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war . (id104)
Abner W Sibal served with the US Army in World War II . Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Second World War . (id104)
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and a member of the Republic Party of the U.S . He was also a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . (id105)
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , Abner W. Sibal , was a member of both the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , and the Republican party of the United States . (id105)
Ridgewood , Queens is the birthplace of Abner W. Sibal . He was a member of the Republican party and a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District in the U.S . (id105)
During the Gulf War George H W Bush served as a commander and Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in the battles . (id106)
During the Gulf war George H W Bush was a commander and Adam Holloway was involved in the battles whilst serving in the Grenadier guards . (id106)
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War . George H. W. Bush was a commander in the Gulf War . (id106)
Conservative Party ( UK ) member Adam Holloway , who studied at Magdalene College , Cambridge , was born in Faversham . (id107)
Magdalene College Cambridge , was the alma mater of Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham , and is a member of the Tories . (id107)
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge and is a member of the Tory party . (id107)
Adam Koc , who was born in Congress in Poland , fought in the Polish Soviet War in which Leon Trotsky was a commander . (id108)
Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish Soviet war in which Adam Koc was also involved . Koc was born in Congress , Poland . (id108)
The Polish-Soviet War , which was part of the Russian Civil War , was where Adam Koc fought and where Leon Trotsky was a commander . (id109)
Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet war , part of the Russian Civil War military conflict in which Adam Koc was involved . (id109)
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War . Leon Trotsky was the commender in the Polish - Soviet War . (id109)
Born in Athens , Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id110)
Born in Athens , Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id110)
Adonis Georgiadis , was born in Athens ( Greece ) , and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally . (id110)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens ( Greece ) , and worked as Minister for Health . (id111)
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Athens , Greece , worked as the Minister for Health . (id111)
Adonis Georgiadis , born Athens ( Greece ) , held office as the Minister for Health . (id111)
Adonis Georgiadis , a member of the Greek New Democracy Party ( blue is their colour ) , served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id112)
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece whose color is blue . Mr. Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id112)
Greek New Democracy Party ( represented by the color blue ) member Adonis Georgiadis was in office during Prime Minister Antonis Samaras ' leadership . (id112)
Agnes Kant 's nationality is the Netherlands . He worked at the House of Representatives there . Mark Rutte is a leader in the Netherlands . (id113)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and worked at the House of Representatives , where the leader is Mark Rutte . (id113)
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands , where she is from , and who 's leader is Mark Rutte . (id113)
The nationality of Agnes Kant , a member of the Socialist party , is the Netherlands . Mark Rutte leads the Netherlands . (id114)
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte . (id114)
The Netherlands , with the leader Mark Rutte , is where Agnes Kant , a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands hails from . (id114)
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives . He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen . (id115)
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany . She was a Member of the House of Representatives and her Alma mater was Radboud University in Nijmegen . (id115)
Agnes Kant , born in West Germany , graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as a member of the House of Representatives . (id115)
Airey Neave , who served in World War II had a career between 30 June 1953 and 30 March 1979 . (id116)
Airey Neave participated in World War II and his career lasted from 30 June 1953 to 30 March 1979 . (id116)
Airey Neave fought in World War II and had a political career that started on June 30th , 1953 and ended March 30th , 1979 . (id116)
Airey Neave fought in Worl War II and started his political career on March 4th 1974 which ended on March 30th 1979 . (id117)
Airey Neave , began his career on March 4th 1974 , fought in World War II and ended his career on 30th March 1979 . (id117)
Airey Neave , who was in World War II , began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it on 30th March 1979 . (id117)
Born September 22nd , 1856 , Albert B . White , died on the July 3rd , 1941 . (id118)
Born on 22nd September 1856 , Albert B White , died on the 3rd July 1941 . (id118)
Albert B . White was born 22nd of September , 1856 and died on 3rd of July , 1941 . (id118)
Agnes Ward White , born in Marietta , Ohio was married to Albert B . White who was succeeded by William MO Dawson . (id119)
William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B . White , whose spouse was Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio . (id119)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id120)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and he died in the U.S. African Americans live in the United States . (id120)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the United States , the country , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id120)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory . (id121)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in New Mexico Territory . (id121)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York City . He passed away in New Mexico Territory . (id121)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York . He died in the U.S . (id122)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and also died in the US . (id122)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and later died in the United States . (id122)
Buenos Aires , which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire , is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id123)
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the country which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is , Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id123)
Alberto Teisaire 's place of death was Buenos Aires , where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader and where , the governing body , is the Buenos Aires City Legislature . (id123)
Rear Admiral , Alberto Teisaire , was born in Mendoza in Agentina , and succeeded by , Isaac Rojas . (id124)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a Rear Admiral who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id124)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol , Austria and died in the city of Graz . (id125)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria and later died in Graz . (id125)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria , and died in Graz . (id125)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U.S House of Representatives in the 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E. Austin . (id126)
Alfred N. Phillips was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district who was born in Connecticut and succeeded by Albert E Austin . (id126)
Alfred N. Phillips , who was born in Darien , Connecticut , was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin . (id127)
Born in Darien Connecticut , Alfred N Phillips , worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeeded by , Albert E. Austin . (id127)
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien Connecticut and prior to being succeeded by Albert E Austin worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district . (id127)
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) before being succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr . (id128)
Allan Shivers served in the U.S. Democratic Party , was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins , Jr . (id128)
Allan Shivers was a member of both the Democratic Party in the United States and the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur . His successor was , Wilfred R. Cousins , Jr . (id128)
Alvah Sabin , who ended his career on 3 March 1857 , represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . (id129)
Alvah Sabin , who retired on 3rd March 1857 , represented Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . (id129)
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont - largest city ; Burlington - and ended his career on March 3rd 1857 . (id129)
Born on 23rd October , 1793 , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the United States Whig Party , the leader of which , was Henry Clay . (id130)
Alvah Sabin , who was born on October 23rd , 1793 , was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which was led by Henry Clay . (id130)
Born in Georgia , Vermont , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the Whig Party of the United States . Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id131)
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and became a member of the Whig Party of the United States which is led by Daniel Webster . (id131)
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and belongs to the United States Whig party which is led by Daniel Webster . (id131)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War . A commander in that war was Abraham Lincoln . (id132)
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War , where US born Albert Jennings Fountain fought . (id132)
Albert Jennings was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War , where Abraham Lincoln was a commander . (id132)
The battle of Fredericksburg , in which Alfred Moore Scales paricipated , was part of the American Civil War military conflict during which Jefferson Davis was a commander . (id133)
Alfred Moore Scales was in the American Civil War , Battle of Fredericksburg . Jefferson Davis was an American Civil War commander . (id133)
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American civil war which included the Battle of Fredericksburg in which Alfred Moore Scales fought . (id133)
Alfons Gorbach ws born in the County of Tyrol and later died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures . (id134)
Alfons Gorbach , was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures . (id134)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of birth was the state , Tyrol and place of death was in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures . (id135)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol and died in Austria , where the leader is Doris Bures . (id135)
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria , Austria where Doris Bures is a leader . (id136)
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfons Gorbach died in Styria . (id136)
The Battle of Salem Church , in which Aaron S Daggett fought and in which Robert E Lee was a commander , was part of the American Civil War . (id137)
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church , which was one of the military conflicts in the American Civil War . Aaron S Daggett fought in the same battle . (id137)
The Battle of Salem Church , where Aaron S Daggett fought and Robert E Lee was a commander , was part of the American Civil War . (id137)
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands , where the national currency is the euro . (id138)
Born in Stellendam , Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency . (id138)
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and he is a national of the Netherlands . The euro is the currency there . (id138)
Adam Koc is from Poland , where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group . (id139)
The Polish language is used in Poland , where Adam koc was from . Poland has an ethnic group called Kashubians . (id139)
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id140)
Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the American Civil War , was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury . (id140)
American Civil War soldier and Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggett , was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . (id140)
Born in Maine , Aaron S. Daggett ; fought in the Battle of the Wilderness , was awarded the Purple Heart , and died in West Roxbury . (id141)
Born in Maine , Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness , awarded the Purple Heart , and died in West Roxbury . (id141)
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id141)
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and worked for his country 's Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport office . He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . (id142)
Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands , the country where he was born . He was a student of Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . (id142)
Erasmus University Rotterdam ( Assoc . MBAs ) alum Ab Klink , born in the Netherlands , is employed at the Netherlands Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport . (id142)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and he lives in Kuching . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya . (id143)
Mirir , Malaysia born Abdul Taib Mahmud , who lives in Kuching , represented the Asajaya region and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id143)
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Kuching , was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented Asajaya . (id143)
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya . (id144)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and resided in the Kingdom of Sarawak . He was in the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented the Asajaya region . (id144)
Abdul Taib Mahmud represented the Asajaya region and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and still lives there . (id144)
Adenan Satem was born in Japanese Occupied British Borneo . His successor was Abdul Taib Mahmud , who , resides in Sarawak and is a member of the `` Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak '' party . (id145)
Japanese occupied , British Borneo , was the birthplace of Adenan Satem , who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud . Abdul Taid Mahmud is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak . (id145)
Abdul Taib Mahmud , a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party , lives in Sarawak . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem , who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo . (id145)
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( who lives in Sarawak ) 's successor was Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese Occupation of British Borneo . Abdul Taib Mahmud 's party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id146)
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who lives in Sarawak , belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem , who was born in the Japanese occupation Of British Borneo . (id146)
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . His successor was Adenan Satem who was born in British Borneo during the Japanese occupation . (id146)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar . (id147)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Atiku Abubakar was his successor . (id147)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Army , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya and then he himself was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar . (id147)
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe 's predecessor , Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Abdulsalami Abubakar , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash . (id148)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force . He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and Al-Amin Daggash was the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id148)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force , was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was preceded by Al-Amin Daggash . Mike Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya . (id148)
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , held office during the monarchy of Juan Carlos I of Spain ( preceeded by Francisco Franco ) and Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez ' leadership . (id149)
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , served office during Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez ' leadership and Juan Carlos I of Spain 's Monarchy . Francisco Franco preceded Juan Carlos I . (id149)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and he was the Minister of Transport . He is now a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id150)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and worked as Minister of Transport . (id150)
Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party member and Minister of Transport Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain . (id150)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. which is where Abraham A Ribicoff is from . He was born in New Britain , Connecticut and his wife is Casey Ribicoff . (id151)
Abraham A Ribicoff , married to Casey Ribicoff , was born in New Britain , Connecticut which is in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group . (id151)
United States national Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and married Casey Ribicoff . An ethnic group in the U.S. are Native Americans . (id151)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005 . He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge . (id152)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater was Magdalene College , Cambridge . His career began on 5 May 2005 and he fought in the Gulf war . (id152)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge . His career began on May 5 , 2005 and he took part in the Gulf War battles . (id152)
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language used is Polish . He was involved in battles of the Polish-Soviet war during which Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id153)
Adam Koc , a Polish nationalist , fought in the Polish-Soviet War . Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war . The Polish language is used in Poland . (id153)
Adam Koc , who died in New York City , fought in the Polish-Soviet War , in which Joseph Stalin was a commander . This war formed part of the Russian Civil War . (id154)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id155)
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens , Greece , served as the Vice President of New Democracy and was later succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id155)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism in Greece . He was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id156)
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens Greece worked for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism and his successor was Makis Voridis . (id156)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism . He was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id156)
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who , was born in Athens , Greece , and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament . (id157)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece and before being succeeded by Makis Voridis worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament . (id157)
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens , Greece , worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament and was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id157)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . (id158)
Emile Roemer is a leader of the Socialist Party in Netherlands of which Agnes Kant is also a member . The country uses the Euro as its currency . (id158)
Emile Roemer is leader of Socialist Party in Netherlands which uses the Euro as its currency . A member of the party is Agnes Kant . (id158)
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands National , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands . She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , the leader of which is , Mark Rutte . (id159)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader . Kant is also a member of the Socialist Party and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands . (id159)
Socialist Party member Agnes Kant , who is a Netherlands national , worked at the House of the Representatives in the Netherlands . The leader there is Mark Rutte . (id159)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . In the Netherlands , Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party . (id160)
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands , where the leader is Mark Rutte . Emile Roemer is a member of ( and leader of ) the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . (id160)
The Netherlands Socialist Party is led by member Emile Roemer . The Netherlands is also led by Mark Rutte and home to Agnes Kant . (id160)
Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour `` red '' and is led by Emile Roemer . (id161)
Agnes Kant , a Netherland national , is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and uses the colour of red . (id161)
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where she is a member of the Socialist Party . The leader of the Socialist Party , which is associated with the colour red , is Emile Roemer . (id161)
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France . He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979 . (id162)
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge in London and started his career on the 30th June 1953 . He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on the 30th March 1979 . (id162)
Battle of France veteran Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , began his career 06/30/1953 and retired 03/30/1979 . (id162)
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , was involved in the Battle of France ; he began his career on March 4th 1974 , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 . (id163)
Airey Neave , who was born in Knightsbridge , London , fought in the Battle of France . His career lasted only five years beginning March 4th , 1974 and ending on the 30th of the same month in 1979 . (id163)
Battle of France veteran Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , began his career 03/04/1974 and retired 03/30/1979 . (id163)
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit , which has a garrison in Hohne , during World War Two . One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek . (id164)
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit which has a garrison in Hohne . He also participated in World War II where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander . (id164)
Airey Neave fought in World War Two with the Royal Artillery which had a garrison in Hohne . One of the commanders of World War Two was Chiang Kai-shek . (id164)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and he died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id165)
Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland an died at Parkersburg , West Virginia was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington Maryland . (id165)
Albert B . White , b. Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , WV , was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson from Bloomington , Maryland . (id165)
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 . (id166)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M.O . Dawson . He started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 . (id166)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland . he began his carreer on March 4 , 1901 and ended it on March 4 , 1905 . His successor was William M. O. Dawson . (id166)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where one of the languages spoken is French , He fought in the American Civil War , a conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander . (id167)
Born in New York city ( where French is one of the languages spoken ) , Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War . The same conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander . (id167)
French is a language spoken in New York which is where Albert Jennings Fountain was born . He battled in the American Civil War , the conflict which Abraham Lincoln was a commander in . (id167)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He had fought in the American Civil War , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander . (id168)
New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennings and he passed away in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War and one commander in that war was Jefferson Davis . (id168)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War where one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis . (id168)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died in the New Mexico Territory in the U.S . (id169)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York on Staten Island and died in New Mexico Territory . (id169)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and died in New Mexico Territory , USA . (id169)
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader . (id170)
Alberto Teisaire belongs to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id170)
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina . Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . (id171)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina and he was a Rear Admiral . He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas . (id171)
Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and Rear Admiral Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina . he was succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id171)
Alfred Moore Scales , a member of the U.S. Democratic Party , was born in Reidsville , North Carolina . He Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle . (id172)
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville , North Carolina , is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and served as Governor of North Carolina . He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle . (id172)
Alfred Moore Scales , of Reidsville , North Carolina , is a United States Democrat , and was the Governor of North Carolina . He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle . (id172)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , who served in the US Army , fought in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion . He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district . (id173)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips served in the US Army and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle . He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district . (id173)
U.S. House of Representatives , 4th District , Connecticut member Alfred N Phillips ( born : Connecticut ) was a US Army veteran . The Whiskey Rebellion was fought by the United States Army . (id173)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , a Democrate , worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeded by Albert E. Austin . (id174)
Alfred N. Phillips , born in Connecticut was a member of the United States Democratic Party and worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the Connecticut 's 4th district . His successor was Albert E. Austin . (id174)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and he was a member of the Democratic Party United States and a member of the U. S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district . Albert E. Austin succeeded Alfred N. Phillips . (id174)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips , who was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . Alfred N. Phillips , was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded Alfred N. Phillips . (id175)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips and he was a member of the United States Democratic Party . He was also the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and his successor was Albert E. Austin . (id175)
United States Democratic Party member and Stamford , Connecticut Mayor Alfred N. Phillips was born in Stamford . He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin . (id175)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and served in the Democratic Party in the U.S . He worked as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by , Price Daniel . (id176)
U.S. Democratic Party member and Texas Governor , Allan Shivers , was born in Lufkin , Texas . He was succeeded by Price Daniel . (id176)
United States Democratic Party member and Governor of Texas Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and succeeded by Price Daniel . (id176)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He served as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr . (id177)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas , and served in the Democratic Party of the US . He worked as the Governor of Texas and was eventually succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr . (id177)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was a Governor of the same state . He was also a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S and was later succeeded by Wilfred R.Cousins , Jr . (id177)
Alvah Sabin worked in Vermont where he was secretary of the state and represented the 3rd Congressional District . The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington . (id178)
Alvah Sabin is from the state of Vermont , which has the largest city of Burlington . Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District . (id178)
Vermont Secretary of State and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin is from Vermont ( which includes largest city , Burlington ) . (id178)
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington and Alvah Sabin represented Vermont because he belongs to the Whig Party ( United States ) . Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id179)
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States and he represented Vermont , whose biggest city is Burlington . Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id179)
Whig Party of the United States was led by Daniel Webster . Member Alvah Sabin represented Burlington and the rest of Vermont . (id179)
One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Robert E Lee . The conflict included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett took part and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id180)
The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War when Robert E Lee was a commander . Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id180)
Aaron S. Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg , part of the American Civil War . He was given the Purple Heart . A commander in that war was Robert E. Lee . (id180)
Alberto Teisaire , is a national of Argentina , where Spanish is spoken . Alberto Teisaire , was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina . (id181)
Argentinian , Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina where the dominant language is Spanish . (id181)
Juan Peron was a member of the Argentian Labour Party and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza in Argentina , was in office . Isaac Rojas eventually succeeded Teisaire . (id182)
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party of Argentina and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire was in office . Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was eventually succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id182)
Juan Peron ( Labour Party ) was President of Argentina ; Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina , held office when Juan Peron was president . The successor to Alberto Teisaire was Isaac Rojas . (id182)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 21 May 1936 in Miri , Malaysia , and lives in Kuching . His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . (id183)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia , on May 21st 1936 and lives in Kuching . He represented Asajaya and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id183)
Born on 1936-05-21 , in Miri , Malaysia , Abdul Taib Mahmud , lives in Kuching . His party is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . (id183)
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence was Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who had attended the University of Adelaide . (id184)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by the University of Adelaide educated Adenan Satem . (id184)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem , who studied at the University of Adelaide . (id184)
Abdulsalami Abubakar who ended his career on May 29th , 1999 , served in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya as V.P . before Atiku Abubakar took over from Akhigbe . (id185)
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 , having been in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President . Oladipo Diya was predecessor to Mike Akhigbe , who belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military and his successor was Atiku Abubakar . (id185)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served office during Mike Akhigbe 's Vice Presidenacy and began his career 05/29/1999 . Nigerian Navy veteran Mike Akhigbe preceded Oladipo Diya and succeeded Atiku Abubakar . (id185)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe ( the successor to Oladipo Diya ) was Vice President . His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . (id186)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Army , ended his career on May 29th , 1999 and served in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President . Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya while Olusegun Obasanjo took over from Abubaka when he left office . (id186)
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Army and ended his career on 1999-05-2 . Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe , who succeeded Oladipo Diya , was Vice President . (id186)
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut , United States , where he became governor . He was a member of the Democratic party in the United States . He died in the United States . (id187)
Abraham A Ribicoff was an American National born in Connecticut . He was a member of the United States Democratic Party and held the office of Governor of Connecticut before he died in the US . (id187)
American Abraham A. Ribicoff born in Connecticut was a member of United States Democratic Party and worked as a governor of Connecticut . He passed away in United Staes . (id187)
Abraham A Ribicoff was a US national born in Connecticut and dying in New York City . He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S.A. and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare . (id188)
Abraham A. Ribicoff who was born in Connecticut , United States , worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and he was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He died in New York City . (id188)
Democrat Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City . He worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare . (id188)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. , the country Abraham A. Ribicoff was a national of . Abraham A. Ribicoff ; was born in Connecticut , married to Casey Ribicoff , and died in New York . (id189)
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut . He was married to Casey Ribicoff . He was also a national to the United States and he died in New York . The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S . (id189)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. one of the citizens of that country was , Abraham A Ribicoff . He born in Connecticut . married to Casey Ribicoff and died in New York . (id189)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge . He began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards and became a member of parliament for Gravesham . (id190)
Gravesham Parliament member and Magdalene College Cambridge alum Adam Holloway , was born in Kent . A Grenadier Guard , he began his career 05/05/2005 . (id190)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent , and began his career on the 5th May 2005 . He served in the Grenadier guards and was a MP for Gravesham . His alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge . (id190)
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham , Kent , England , is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK . He studied at Magdalene College Cambridge before joining the Grenadier Guards and later starting his political career on 5th May 2005 . (id191)
Englishman Adam Holloway , born in Faversham , Kent and having attended Magdalene College in Cambridge , then joined the Grenadier Guards . He is a member of the UK Conservative Party and began his political career on 5th May 2005 . (id191)
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and he went to Magdalene College , Cambridge and joined the Grenadier Guards in the military before joining the Tories . (id191)
Adonis Georgiadis ( who was succeeded by Makis Voridis ) , was born in Athens , Greece and was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister . Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . (id192)
Adonis Georgiadis , was born in Athens , Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis . Adonis Georgiadis , was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . (id192)
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was birth in Athens ( Greece ) . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras , who himelf , had served in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . (id192)
Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . The country is led by Mark Rutte and Agnes Kant , a national of the country , worked at the House of Representatives . (id193)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands , where the leader is , Mark Rutte.Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands . Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . (id193)
Agnes Kant , who worked at the House of Representatives , is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte . The Socialist Party in the country is led by the member Emile Roemer . (id193)
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg . She worked at the house of representatives in the Netherlands , where Mark Rutte is the leader . Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives . (id194)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte . She was a resident of Doesburg and worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib . (id194)
Agnes Kant was a national of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) who resided in Doesburg . She worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib . (id194)
Agnes Kant , whose nationality is Netherlands , resided in Doesburg . The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte , and the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer . (id195)
Agnes Kant of Netherlands lives in Doesburg . Mark Rutte is leader of the country and one of its political parties is the Socialist Party which is led by Emile Roemer . (id195)
Agnes Kant lives in Doesburg and is a national of the Netherlands , which is led by Mark Rutte . Emile Roemer is member and leader of the Socialist Party , in the Netherlands . (id195)
Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941 in Parkersburg , West Virginia . (id196)
Born on the 22nd of September , 1856 , Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia on 1941-07-03 . (id196)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland , was married to Agnes Ward White and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . White was succeeded in office by William M.O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id197)
Cleveland born Albert B White , whose wife was Agnes Ward White , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id197)
Cleveland born Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , served as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson . (id198)
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White . He worked as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on 4 March 1905 being succeeded by William M O Dawson . (id198)
Cleveland born Albert B White , married to Agnes Ward White , was the Governor of West Virginia , ending his career on March 4th 1905 . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson . (id198)
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and had a career from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905 . He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and his successor was William M O Dawson . (id199)
Succeeded by William M. O. Dawson , Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States . Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . (id199)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and started his career on March 4 , 1901 . He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . Albert B . White 's successor was William M. O. Dawson . (id199)
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron , was President of Argentina . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta was the leader . (id200)
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron , was President of Argentina . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id200)
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Juan Perón , was married to Eva Perón , and belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the leader of which is , Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id200)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina , on 1891-05-20 . A Rear Admiral by profession , Alberto Teisaire , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire . (id201)
Born on 1891-05-20 , born in Mendoza , Argentina , Alberto Teisaire , was a Rear Admiral by profession . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas . (id201)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina on 20 May 1891 . He was a Rear Admiral and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate before being succeeded by Isaac Rojas . (id201)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , in the state , Tyrol . Alfons Gorbach was a member of the Austrian People 's Party and died in Graz , in Styria . (id202)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of birth was the state , Tyrol , in Austria . He was a politician from the Austrian People 's Party , who died in Graz , in Styria . (id202)
Alfons Gorbach , who was a member of the Austrian People 's Party , was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz , Styria . (id202)
A member of the Austrian People 's Party , Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz , in Styria . (id203)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol and died in Graz in Styria . He was a politician from the Austrian People 's Party . (id203)
Austrian People 's Party Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Tyrol and died in Graz , Styria . (id203)
Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State 's 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore , Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd , 1857 . Vermont 's largest city is Burlington . (id204)
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District and his career ended on March 3rd 1857 . He was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington and he died in Sycamore , Illinois . (id204)
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore , Illinois . (id205)
Burlington is the largest city in Vermont , where Alvah Sabin was born . He represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore , Illinois . (id205)
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He represented Vermont 's 3rd congressional district , of which Burlington is the largest city . (id205)
American Alfred Moore Scales fought at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was one of the war 's commanders and one of several ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans . (id206)
Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States . Alfred Moore Scales lived in the United States and involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg . The Battle of Gettysburg was part of the American Civil War conflict , during which , one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis . (id206)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country where Alfred Moore Scales lived . He had fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which took place during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis . (id206)
American Civil War , Siege of Petersburg involved U.S. born Alfred Moore Scales . The American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis . An ethnic group of the United States includes Native Americans . (id207)
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , Alfred Moore Scales 's country . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War . (id207)
Native Americans are of of the ethnic groups in the U.S. , the country , where Alfred Moore Scales lived . Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis . (id207)
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken . He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron . (id208)
Argentina 's Labour Party President Juan Peron was married to Eva Peron . Argentina is Spanish speaking and home to Alberto Teisaire ( in office during Peron 's leadership ) . (id208)
They speak Spanish in Argentina where Alberto Teisaire was from . Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to Eva Perón . (id208)
