Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart . (id0)
The Battle of Mine Run was one fought by Aaron S Daggett . (id1)
Stellendam , Netherlands is the birthplace of Ab Klink . (id2)
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President . (id3)
Abdul Taib Mahmud belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak . (id4)
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib . (id5)
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29 . (id6)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna . (id7)
Abdulsalami Abubakar 's birthplace was Niger State . (id8)
Abner W. Sibal ended his military career January 3 , 1965 . (id9)
Abner W Sibal died in Alexandria , Virginia . (id10)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent . (id11)
Adam Holloway 's residence is Gravesend . (id12)
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide . (id13)
Adolf Schärf 's place of birth was Mikulov . (id14)
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id15)
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping . (id16)
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf . (id17)
Marietta , Ohio was the birthplace of Agnes Ward White . (id18)
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 . (id19)
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross . (id20)
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave . (id21)
Airey Neave 's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel . (id22)
Airey Neave began his military career in 1935 . (id23)
Albert B.White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States . (id24)
The spouse of Albert B . White was Agnes Ward White . (id25)
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army . (id26)
Alberto Teisaire 's nationality is Argentinian . (id27)
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy . (id28)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of death was in Austria . (id29)
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04 . (id30)
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville . (id31)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips . (id32)
Alfred N Phillips was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . (id33)
Allan Shivers started his career from January 21 , 1947 . (id34)
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army . (id35)
Allan Shivers had the successor Price Daniel . (id36)
Alvah Sabin was an active politician beginning March 4 , 1853 . (id37)
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party . (id38)
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War . (id39)
In Austria , the language is Austrian German . (id40)
Robert E Lee was commander in the Battle of Antietam . (id41)
The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War . (id42)
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Buenos Aires . (id43)
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War . (id44)
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor to John F. Kennedy . (id45)
The University of Vienna is the Alma mater of Josef Klaus . (id46)
Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain . (id47)
Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina . (id48)
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte . (id49)
The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War . (id50)
The birthplace of William M. O. Dawson was Bloomington Maryland . (id51)
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart . (id52)
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id53)
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's deputy . Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's successor . (id54)
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in Sarawak and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id55)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , was born in Minna , and has the Technical Institute Kaduna , for an almar mater . (id56)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . (id57)
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria by Abdulsalami Abubakar . (id58)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , ended his career on 1999-05-29 , and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . (id59)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was also in office while Mr. Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Mr. Abubaka . (id60)
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II in which Abner W Sibal also fought . (id61)
Abner W. Sibal serve in the United States army which took part in the Korean War . (id62)
Adam Holloway went to school at Magdalene College Cambridge and was born in Kent . (id63)
Born in Kent , Adam Holloway now lives in Gravesend . (id64)
Adam Koc , who won the Virtuti Militari award , fought in World War I . (id65)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has been the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally . (id66)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . (id67)
Born in Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id68)
Agnes Kant , born in Hessisch Oldendorf , worked as the Parliamentary group leader . (id69)
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Military Cross . (id70)
Airey Neave was part of the Battle of France but started his career on March 4th , 1974 . (id71)
Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France in which Hugo Sperrle was a commander . (id72)
Airey Neave , who was born in Kinightsbridge , fought in World War II . (id73)
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander . (id74)
Airey Neave fought in World War II during which Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id75)
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941 . (id76)
Born 22nd September , 1856 , Albert B . White 's profession was politician . (id77)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City an died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . (id78)
Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory . He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President . (id79)
New York City is the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain who is also a member of the Republican Party in the U.S.A . (id80)
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeded by Isaac Rojas . (id81)
Alfons Gorbach 's birthplace was Austria-Hungary . (id82)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol , in Austria . (id83)
Alfred Moore Scales , Governor of North Carolina was succeeded by James W Reid . (id84)
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle , his alma mater is Princeton University . (id85)
Alfred N. Phillips was part of the U.S. House of Representatives and he was born in Connecticut . (id86)
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War . (id87)
Allan Shivers fought during World War II in which Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id88)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) . (id89)
Allan Shivers was part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur . Ben Ramsey succeeded him . (id90)
Alvah Sabin was born October 23 , 1793 and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . (id91)
Agnes Kant 's country is the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id92)
Agnes Kant lives in The Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte . (id93)
Albert B White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , which is part of the United States . (id94)
Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and , most notably , fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg . (id95)
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam . (id96)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and he succeeded Abdul Rahman Ya'kub . Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub . (id97)
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , Abdul Taib Mahmud , resides in Sarawak and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party . (id98)
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State , graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff . (id99)
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force , was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President . (id100)
Olusegun Obasanjo was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar of the Nigerian Army and was in office during Atiku Abubaker 's Vice Presidency . (id101)
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies . (id102)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain , and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id103)
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought during WWII , when Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id104)
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and a member of the Republic Party of the U.S . He was also a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . (id105)
During the Gulf War George H W Bush served as a commander and Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in the battles . (id106)
Conservative Party ( UK ) member Adam Holloway , who studied at Magdalene College , Cambridge , was born in Faversham . (id107)
Adam Koc , who was born in Congress in Poland , fought in the Polish Soviet War in which Leon Trotsky was a commander . (id108)
The Polish-Soviet War , which was part of the Russian Civil War , was where Adam Koc fought and where Leon Trotsky was a commander . (id109)
Born in Athens , Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . (id110)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens ( Greece ) , and worked as Minister for Health . (id111)
Adonis Georgiadis , a member of the Greek New Democracy Party ( blue is their colour ) , served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . (id112)
Agnes Kant 's nationality is the Netherlands . He worked at the House of Representatives there . Mark Rutte is a leader in the Netherlands . (id113)
The nationality of Agnes Kant , a member of the Socialist party , is the Netherlands . Mark Rutte leads the Netherlands . (id114)
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives . He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen . (id115)
Airey Neave , who served in World War II had a career between 30 June 1953 and 30 March 1979 . (id116)
Airey Neave fought in Worl War II and started his political career on March 4th 1974 which ended on March 30th 1979 . (id117)
Born September 22nd , 1856 , Albert B . White , died on the July 3rd , 1941 . (id118)
Agnes Ward White , born in Marietta , Ohio was married to Albert B . White who was succeeded by William MO Dawson . (id119)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id120)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory . (id121)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York . He died in the U.S . (id122)
Buenos Aires , which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire , is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta . (id123)
Rear Admiral , Alberto Teisaire , was born in Mendoza in Agentina , and succeeded by , Isaac Rojas . (id124)
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol , Austria and died in the city of Graz . (id125)
Alfred N. Phillips was born in connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U.S House of Representatives in the 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E. Austin . (id126)
Alfred N. Phillips , who was born in Darien , Connecticut , was a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin . (id127)
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S. and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) before being succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr . (id128)
Alvah Sabin , who ended his career on 3 March 1857 , represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . (id129)
Born on 23rd October , 1793 , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the United States Whig Party , the leader of which , was Henry Clay . (id130)
Born in Georgia , Vermont , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the Whig Party of the United States . Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id131)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War . A commander in that war was Abraham Lincoln . (id132)
The battle of Fredericksburg , in which Alfred Moore Scales paricipated , was part of the American Civil War military conflict during which Jefferson Davis was a commander . (id133)
Alfons Gorbach ws born in the County of Tyrol and later died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures . (id134)
Alfons Gorbach 's place of birth was the state , Tyrol and place of death was in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures . (id135)
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria , Austria where Doris Bures is a leader . (id136)
The Battle of Salem Church , in which Aaron S Daggett fought and in which Robert E Lee was a commander , was part of the American Civil War . (id137)
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands , where the national currency is the euro . (id138)
Adam Koc is from Poland , where Polish is spoken and where Kashubians are an ethnic group . (id139)
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id140)
Born in Maine , Aaron S. Daggett ; fought in the Battle of the Wilderness , was awarded the Purple Heart , and died in West Roxbury . (id141)
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and worked for his country 's Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport office . He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . (id142)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and he lives in Kuching . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya . (id143)
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya . (id144)
Adenan Satem was born in Japanese Occupied British Borneo . His successor was Abdul Taib Mahmud , who , resides in Sarawak and is a member of the `` Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak '' party . (id145)
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( who lives in Sarawak ) 's successor was Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese Occupation of British Borneo . Abdul Taib Mahmud 's party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . (id146)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar . (id147)
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe 's predecessor , Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Abdulsalami Abubakar , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash . (id148)
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , held office during the monarchy of Juan Carlos I of Spain ( preceeded by Francisco Franco ) and Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez ' leadership . (id149)
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and he was the Minister of Transport . He is now a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . (id150)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. which is where Abraham A Ribicoff is from . He was born in New Britain , Connecticut and his wife is Casey Ribicoff . (id151)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005 . He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge . (id152)
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language used is Polish . He was involved in battles of the Polish-Soviet war during which Joseph Stalin was a commander . (id153)
Adam Koc , who died in New York City , fought in the Polish-Soviet War , in which Joseph Stalin was a commander . This war formed part of the Russian Civil War . (id154)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id155)
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism in Greece . He was succeeded by Makis Voridis . (id156)
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who , was born in Athens , Greece , and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament . (id157)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . (id158)
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands National , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands . She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , the leader of which is , Mark Rutte . (id159)
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . In the Netherlands , Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party . (id160)
Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour `` red '' and is led by Emile Roemer . (id161)
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France . He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979 . (id162)
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , was involved in the Battle of France ; he began his career on March 4th 1974 , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 . (id163)
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit , which has a garrison in Hohne , during World War Two . One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek . (id164)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and he died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id165)
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 . (id166)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where one of the languages spoken is French , He fought in the American Civil War , a conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander . (id167)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He had fought in the American Civil War , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander . (id168)
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died in the New Mexico Territory in the U.S . (id169)
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader . (id170)
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina . Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . (id171)
Alfred Moore Scales , a member of the U.S. Democratic Party , was born in Reidsville , North Carolina . He Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle . (id172)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , who served in the US Army , fought in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion . He was later a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district . (id173)
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , a Democrate , worked as Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th district and was succeded by Albert E. Austin . (id174)
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N. Phillips , who was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . Alfred N. Phillips , was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded Alfred N. Phillips . (id175)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and served in the Democratic Party in the U.S . He worked as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by , Price Daniel . (id176)
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He served as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr . (id177)
Alvah Sabin worked in Vermont where he was secretary of the state and represented the 3rd Congressional District . The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington . (id178)
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington and Alvah Sabin represented Vermont because he belongs to the Whig Party ( United States ) . Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States . (id179)
One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Robert E Lee . The conflict included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett took part and was awarded the Purple Heart . (id180)
Alberto Teisaire , is a national of Argentina , where Spanish is spoken . Alberto Teisaire , was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina . (id181)
Juan Peron was a member of the Argentian Labour Party and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza in Argentina , was in office . Isaac Rojas eventually succeeded Teisaire . (id182)
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 21 May 1936 in Miri , Malaysia , and lives in Kuching . His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . (id183)
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence was Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who had attended the University of Adelaide . (id184)
Abdulsalami Abubakar who ended his career on May 29th , 1999 , served in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya as V.P . before Atiku Abubakar took over from Akhigbe . (id185)
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe ( the successor to Oladipo Diya ) was Vice President . His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo . (id186)
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut , United States , where he became governor . He was a member of the Democratic party in the United States . He died in the United States . (id187)
Abraham A Ribicoff was a US national born in Connecticut and dying in New York City . He was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S.A. and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare . (id188)
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. , the country Abraham A. Ribicoff was a national of . Abraham A. Ribicoff ; was born in Connecticut , married to Casey Ribicoff , and died in New York . (id189)
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge . He began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards and became a member of parliament for Gravesham . (id190)
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham , Kent , England , is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK . He studied at Magdalene College Cambridge before joining the Grenadier Guards and later starting his political career on 5th May 2005 . (id191)
Adonis Georgiadis ( who was succeeded by Makis Voridis ) , was born in Athens , Greece and was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister . Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . (id192)
Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . The country is led by Mark Rutte and Agnes Kant , a national of the country , worked at the House of Representatives . (id193)
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg . She worked at the house of representatives in the Netherlands , where Mark Rutte is the leader . Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives . (id194)
Agnes Kant , whose nationality is Netherlands , resided in Doesburg . The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte , and the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer . (id195)
Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941 in Parkersburg , West Virginia . (id196)
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland , was married to Agnes Ward White and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . White was succeeded in office by William M.O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland . (id197)
Cleveland born Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , served as the Governor of West Virginia and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson . (id198)
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and had a career from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905 . He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and his successor was William M O Dawson . (id199)
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron , was President of Argentina . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta was the leader . (id200)
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina , on 1891-05-20 . A Rear Admiral by profession , Alberto Teisaire , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire . (id201)
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , in the state , Tyrol . Alfons Gorbach was a member of the Austrian People 's Party and died in Graz , in Styria . (id202)
A member of the Austrian People 's Party , Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz , in Styria . (id203)
Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State 's 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore , Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd , 1857 . Vermont 's largest city is Burlington . (id204)
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont 's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore , Illinois . (id205)
American Alfred Moore Scales fought at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was one of the war 's commanders and one of several ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans . (id206)
American Civil War , Siege of Petersburg involved U.S. born Alfred Moore Scales . The American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis . An ethnic group of the United States includes Native Americans . (id207)
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken . He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron . (id208)
