Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart  .
Aaron S. Daggett has been associated with the Battle of Mine Run  .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands  .
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub 's real name is Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman  .
Abdul Taib Mahmud 's birth place is Parti Bumiputera Sarawak  .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was influenced by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was founded in 1999-05-29  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State  .
Abner W. Sibal was founded in 1965-01-03  .
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia  .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent  .
Adam Holloway is a citizen of the Gravesend  .
Adenan Satem graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S .
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov  .
Adonis Georgiadis served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in Antonis Samaras  .
Adonis Georgiadis has the impact factor Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping  .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf  .
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio  .
Airey Neave was begun in 1953-06-30  .
Airey Neave won the Military Cross  .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London  .
The founder of Airey Neave is Lieutenant colonel  .
Airey Neave was built in 1935  .
Albert B. White 's birth place is Republican Party (United States)  .
Albert B. White was influenced by Agnes Ward White  .
Albert Jennings Fountain has the impact saint Union Army  .
Alberto Teisaire is an American .
Alberto Teisaire 's birth place is Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy  .
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria  .
Alfred Moore Scales was begun in 1875-03-04  .
Alfred Moore Scales has won the Battle of Chancellorsville  .
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut  .
Alfred N. Phillips has the impact factor Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut  .
Allan Shivers was begun in 1947-01-21  .
Allan Shivers has the impact saint United States Army  .
Allan Shivers was influenced by Price Daniel  .
Alvah Sabin was begun in 1853-03-04  .
Alvah Sabin 's birth place is Whig Party (United States)  .
The chairman of American Civil War is Robert E. Lee  .
The Austrian German  is spoken in Austria .
The chairman of Battle of Antietam is Robert E. Lee  .
Battle of Cold Harbor has the American Civil War  to its west .
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michetti  .
The chairman of Gulf War is Colin Powell  .
Dwight D. Eisenhower  is a key person at the John F. Kennedy .
Josef Klaus graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S .
Juan Carlos I of Spain was a film distributed by Francisco Franco  .
Juan Perón 's birth place is Labour Party (Argentina)  .
Mark Rutte  is the leader of Netherlands .
The United States Army has fought in the Spanish–American War  .
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland  .
Aaron S. Daggett has won the Battle of Fredericksburg  .
Aaron S. Daggett , who has won the Battle of Gettysburg , has won the Purple Heart  .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the founder of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , where Abdul Taib Mahmud  is a character .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Kingdom of Sarawak  , has died .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was born in Minna , graduated from AFIT , M.S . in 1962 .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in Niger State  and has the impact saint Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) .
Abdulsalami Abubakar has the impact saint Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) and was created in Al-Amin Daggash  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a student at Olusegun Obasanjo and was completed in 1999-05-29  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was created by Mike Akhigbe  and the Olusegun Obasanjo .
Abner W. Sibal was born in Joseph Stalin  and has World War II as their champions .
The United States Army is the location of the Abner W. Sibal .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Kent , graduated from AFIT , M.S . in 1962 .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent  and died in Gravesend .
Adam Koc was an American who was born in Virtuti Militari  .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has the OCLC number Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally  .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Glen Ridge , Athens  .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and has the OCLC number Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally  .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and has the OCLC number Parliamentary group leader  .
Airey Neave is an American who won the Royal Artillery  .
Airey Neave was born in 1974-03-04  and was a student at Battle of France .
Airey Neave was born in Hugo Sperrle  and has Battle of France as their champions .
Airey Neave , who was born in Knightsbridge  , has died .
Airey Neave was born in Franklin D. Roosevelt  and has World War II as their champions .
Airey Neave was born in Joseph Stalin  and has World War II as their champions .
Albert B. White , who was born in 1941 , was in 1856-09-22  .
Politician is the author of Albert B. White , which was influenced by 1856-09-22  .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City  and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico .
Albert Jennings Fountain 's president is Edmund J. Davis , who was born in New Mexico Territory  .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in New York City  , has died .
Alberto Teisaire was added to the National Register of Historic Places on Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Austria-Hungary  .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) , Austria  .
Alfred Moore Scales is the doctoral advisor for Governor of North Carolina and has the OCLC number James W. Reid (politician)  .
Daniel Gould Fowle , who was born in Princeton University  , is the editor of Alfred Moore Scales .
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and has the OCLC number United States House of Representatives  .
The United States Army is the location of the Alfred N. Phillips .
Allan Shivers was born in Joseph Stalin  and has World War II as their champions .
Allan Shivers , a Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur)  National , was born in Lufkin, Texas .
Allan Shivers was added to the National Register of Historic Places on Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) .
Alvah Sabin , a Secretary of State of Vermont  National , was born on 1793-10-23 .
Agnes Kant  is from the Netherlands where the Euro is spoken .
Agnes Kant  is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader .
Albert B. White  died in Parkersburg, West Virginia , United States .
Aaron S. Daggett , who was born in Maine , has been associated with Purple Heart .
Ab Klink ( born in Netherlands  ) graduated from NWC with a M.A . in 1957 .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze , who was born in Kingdom of Sarawak  , designed Abdul Rahman Ya'kub .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a US national . He was born in Sarawak .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , a US National , was born in Niger State and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was created by Atiku Abubakar  and Olusegun Obasanjo ( from the Nigerian Air Force ) . The president of the university is Atiku Abubakar  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was created by Atiku Abubakar  and Olusegun Obasanjo ( from the Nigerian Army ) . The president of the university is Atiku Abubakar  .
Abel Caballero ( born in Ponteareas ) was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in Galicia (Spain)  .
Abel Caballero , born in Spain , was born in Galicia (Spain) and has a daughter called Spanish Socialist Workers' Party  .
Abner W. Sibal ( born in Joseph Stalin  ) has won the United States Army and World War II .
Abner W. Sibal , a Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District National , was born in Republican Party (United States) and has the OCLC number Ridgewood, Queens  .
Adam Holloway ( born in Grenadier Guards  ) was a student at the Gulf War ( which has George H. W. Bush as its mascot ) .
Adam Holloway , born in Faversham , graduated from AFIT , M.S . in 1962 and was a student at the Conservative Party (UK) .
Adam Koc , who was born in Congress Poland , has won the Polish–Soviet War and Leon Trotsky  .
Adam Koc ( born in Leon Trotsky  ) was a crew member of the Polish–Soviet War , which was previously won by Leon Trotsky  .
Adonis Georgiadis ( born in Greece ) was a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally and has since Athens  .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Greece , was awarded the 'Technical Campus ' status by the Minister for Health .
Adonis Georgiadis is a US National that was shown on the Antonis Samaras and is the doctoral advisor for New Democracy (Greece) .
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands citizen who has the OCLC number House of Representatives (Netherlands)  and is lead by Mark Rutte .
Agnes Kant is a US national led by Mark Rutte and is Netherlands .
Agnes Kant was a student at the University of Texas in Austin . He was a Member of the House of Representatives and has since Radboud University Nijmegen  .
Airey Neave , a building that was born January 20 , 1930 , was finished in 1953-06-30 and was finished in 1979-03-30  .
Airey Neave , a building that was born January 20 , 1930 , was finished in 1974-03-04 and was finished in 1979-03-30  .
Albert B. White , a US national , was born in 1941 . He was a US national .
Albert B. White was designed by William M. O. Dawson  and Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , United States and African Americans  .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in New Mexico Territory .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and died in United States .
The governing body of Alberto Teisaire , which has the B postcode , is the Buenos Aires City Council and Buenos Aires City Legislature is the governing body .
Alberto Teisaire ( born in Mendoza, Argentina  ) was a student at the Rear admiral .
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol and died in Graz .
Alfred N. Phillips , a Albert E. Austin National , was born in Connecticut and has the OCLC number Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district  .
Alfred N. Phillips , a Albert E. Austin National , was born in Darien, Connecticut and has the OCLC number Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district  .
Allan Shivers is the sequel to Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.  .
Alvah Sabin was designed by the architect 1857-03-03 , who was born in Vermont on Burlington, Vermont  .
Alvah Sabin is the birthplace of 1793-10-23 and was born in Henry Clay  . Whig Party (United States) is the leader of that country .
Alvah Sabin ( born in Georgia, Vermont  ) was a student at the Whig Party (United States) ( led by Daniel Webster ) .
Abraham Lincoln , who was born in United States  , is the chairman of American Civil War and has Albert Jennings Fountain as the chairman .
Jefferson Davis was a member of the Alfred Moore Scales crew member of the Battle of Fredericksburg  , which is the location of the American Civil War .
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria , who died in County of Tyrol  .
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria , who died in Tyrol (state)  .
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria , which is led by Doris Bures , who died in Styria  .
The Battle of Salem Church , which is also known as Robert E. Lee , was involved in the invasion of Panama and also the American Civil War .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam  , Netherlands , where Euro is the president .
The Polish language are an ethnic group in the Poland where Adam Koc is a traditional dish and Kashubians  is a traditional dish .
Aaron S. Daggett ( born in West Roxbury ) died in West Roxbury . He died in West Roxbury .
Aaron S. Daggett ( born in West Roxbury ) died in West Roxbury . He died in West Roxbury .
Ab Klink ( born in Netherlands  ) attended the Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs and has Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands) as its back up pilot .
Abdul Taib Mahmud is an American born in Kuching . He was born in Asajaya and died in Kuching .
Abdul Taib Mahmud is an American born in Asajaya and died in Asajaya .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was designed by the architect Adenan Satem , who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo . He was the birthplace of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak  .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was designed by the architect Adenan Satem , who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo . He was the birthplace of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu  .
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a Mike Akhigbe national who has the Nigerian Army as one of its leaders and Oladipo Diya as the president . The president of the Mike Akhigbe is Oladipo Diya .
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a US national who was born in Mike Akhigbe . The president of the university is Oladipo Diya , the Nigerian Air Force  and the Nigerian Air Force  .
Abel Caballero was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in Galicia (Spain)  . He served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in Juan Carlos I of Spain and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Abel Caballero ( born in Minister of Transport ) was a student at the University of Texas in Austin . He was a student at the Minister of Transport .
Abraham A. Ribicoff is an American who was born in New Britain, Connecticut  . He was a student at the Casey Ribicoff in the United States .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Kent on October 17th , 1933 , graduated from AFIT , M.S . in 1962 and was a student at Gulf War .
Adam Koc is a national of the Poland from the Polish–Soviet War , where Joseph Stalin  is the leader and Joseph Stalin  is the language spoken .
Adam Koc ( born in New York City ) was a crew member of the Russian Civil War , which was previously won by Joseph Stalin  .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens , was a crew member of Vice-President of New Democracy and has the alternative name of Greece .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Glen Ridge , Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) . He was a Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) and a member of the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) crew .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Glen Ridge , Greece . He was a student at the Member of the Hellenic Parliament , which was founded in Greece .
Socialist Party (Netherlands)  is the leader of Netherlands , where the currency is the Netherlands n rupiah and Agnes Kant is a traditional dish .
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands citizen who has the OCLC number Mark Rutte and is a prequel to House of Representatives (Netherlands) .
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte . Emile Roemer is a leader in Netherlands .
Agnes Kant is a US national who was born in Netherlands . Socialist Party (Netherlands) is a leader in the US .
Airey Neave , who was born in Knightsbridge, London on November 18th , 1923 , was a student at Battle of France and was completed in 1953-06-30 .
Airey Neave , who was born in Knightsbridge, London on November 18th , 1923 , was a student at Battle of France and was completed in 1974-03-04 .
Airey Neave ( born in World War II ) was a student at the Royal Artillery ( affiliated with the Hohne and Chiang Kai-shek  ( Chiang Kai-shek  ) .
Albert B. White was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia , William M. O. Dawson and died in Cleveland .
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland on 1905-03-04 . He was a student at William M. O. Dawson and was completed in 1905-03-04 .
Albert Jennings Fountain ( born in New York ) is from the French language where Abraham Lincoln  is the leader . The Abraham Lincoln  is spoken in New York .
Albert Jennings Fountain ( born in New York City ) was born in American Civil War , and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and died in New York . He died in New Mexico Territory .
Alberto Teisaire is a US national who was born in Buenos Aires . The president of the Buenos Aires is Juan Perón  and the president is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
Alberto Teisaire is a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate National born in Isaac Rojas . He was a member of the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate crew with the Rear admiral .
Alfred Moore Scales , a sequel to Democratic Party (United States) , was born in Wheeler Texas and has the Library of Congress ribbon . The Library of Congress Classification of Alfred Moore Scales is Daniel Gould Fowle .
Alfred N. Phillips is the recipient of the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district  .
Alfred N. Phillips , a Albert E. Austin National , was born in Connecticut . He was a student at the University of Texas in Austin and is now Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district  .
Alfred N. Phillips ( born in Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut  ) was a student at the Democratic Party (United States) , which is affiliated to the Albert E. Austin and has the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut  to its west .
Allan Shivers is a Governor of Texas  National who was born in Lufkin, Texas . He was a student at the Democratic Party (United States) . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Allan Shivers , a Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. National , was born in Lufkin, Texas . He was a student at the University of Texas in Austin and is now Governor of Texas  .
Alvah Sabin is the sequel to Vermont which is located in the region of Vermont , in the state of Vermont , Vermont's 3rd congressional district .
Alvah Sabin is a traditional citizen born in Vermont . It 's largest city is Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster .
The Battle of Gettysburg is the location of the Robert E. Lee which was involved in the Invasion of Panama and has the American Civil War as one of its key planes .
Labour Party (Argentina) is the birthplace of Juan Perón , where Alberto Teisaire is from , the Argentina , where Argentina is the president .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza, Argentina  , is the creator of the comic character , Juan Perón who was born in Mendoza, Argentina  . The university 's president is Labour Party (Argentina) .
Abdul Taib Mahmud is an American born in Kuching and died in Kuching .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S . He was a student at the Adenan Satem . He is now Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Mike Akhigbe and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in 1999-05-29 and served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in Olusegun Obasanjo . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Abraham A. Ribicoff is a US national who was born in Connecticut . He was a student at the United States and is now Governor of Connecticut  .
Abraham A. Ribicoff is a US National who was born in Connecticut . He was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in Connecticut and has the reference number Democratic Party (United States) .
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in Connecticut . He was a student at the Casey Ribicoff , which is lead by United States .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Kent on 20 January 1930 , was a student at the Kent and has the reference number Member of Parliament for Gravesham in the National Register of Historic Places .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham, Kent, England on October 17th , 1933 , graduated from AFIT , M.S . in 1962 and was a student at the Conservative Party (UK) . The current tenants are the Grenadier Guards .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in Antonis Samaras . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and was born in Greece .
Agnes Kant is a US national who was born in Netherlands . The leader of Netherlands is Mark Rutte and the main ingredients are House of Representatives (Netherlands) and House of Representatives (Netherlands) .
Agnes Kant is a US national who was born in Netherlands . The leader of the country is Mark Rutte and the main ingredients are House of Representatives (Netherlands) and House of Representatives (Netherlands) .
Agnes Kant is a US national who was born in Doesburg . The leader of Netherlands is Mark Rutte and Socialist Party (Netherlands)  is the leader of Netherlands .
Albert B. White , a US national , was born in 1941 and died in St Louis .
Albert B. White was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia and died in Cleveland . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia .
Albert B. White was the doctoral advisor for Governor of West Virginia and was born in Cleveland . He served as a Governor of West Virginia and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in Agnes Ward White .
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a student at William M. O. Dawson . He was influenced by Robert A M Stern and was completed in Cleveland .
Alberto Teisaire was created by Juan Perón and Buenos Aires ( from the Labour Party (Argentina) ) . The president of the character is Eva Perón and Eva Perón .
Alberto Teisaire was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and was born in Isaac Rojas .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Graz . He died in Graz .
Alfons Gorbach ( born in Tyrol (state) ) died in Graz . He died in Graz .
Alvah Sabin was designed by the architect 1857-03-03 , who is located in the city of Burlington, Vermont , in the state of Vermont's 3rd congressional district , in the state of Vermont , where the leader is Vermont .
Alvah Sabin is a US citizen born in the city of Burlington, Vermont , in the state of Vermont , Georgia, Vermont .
The American Civil War is in United States , which is part of Alfred Moore Scales . The Jefferson Davis is the current tenants of American Civil War . The Battle of Gettysburg is a member of the Battle of Gettysburg based in the Battle of Gettysburg .
The American Civil War is in United States , which has Siege of Petersburg  as its mayor and Jefferson Davis as its back up pilot . The country is the location of the Alfred Moore Scales which was involved in United States .
Juan Perón is a Argentina national who was born in Argentina . The president of the university is Eva Perón , who is affiliated with the Labour Party (Argentina) and is based in Argentina .
