The Chairman of A C Milan is Silvio Berlusconi .
Silvio Berlusconi is the chiarman of A.C. Milan .

Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada .
Aaron Boogaard 's birthplace is Canada .

Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and played for Wichita Thunder club .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and his club is Wichita Thunder .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen .
Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and SV Werder Bremen II . The latter is managed by Alexander Nouri and is in the league 3 Liga .
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen , which Aaron Hunt plays for . He also plays for , SV Werder Bremen II which is in the league 3 Liga .
SV Werder Bremen is managed by Alexander Nouri and SV Werder Bremen II are players in 3 Liga . Aaron Hunt plays for both clubs .
Aaron Hun 's club is VfL Wolfsburg but he previously played for both SV Werder Bremen and Goslarer SC 08 youth team .
Aaron Hunt represented the club Goslarer SC 08 at youth level and has since played for both SV Werder Bremen and Vfl Wolfsburg .
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen . He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team .
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II and also VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking .
Aaron Hunt 's club is VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking , but he previously played for SV Werder Bremen II .

Abel Hernandez , who played for Penarol , was a member of the Central Espanol youth team . Abel Hernández 's club is Hull City A.F.C . which is managed by , Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is Penarol , played youth football for Central Español . his club is also Hull City A.F.C. , the manager of which , is Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernandez belongs to Abel Hernandezand club Penarol . He also plays for , Steve Bruce managed , Hull City A.F.C .
Abel Hernandez played for the club Penarol , which was managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Abel Hernandez has played for the club Peñarol which is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Peñarol , managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva , is a former club of the player Abel Hernandez .
Abel Hernandez 's club is US Citta di Palermo and Penarol .
Abel Hernandez plays for the US Citta de Palermo club and also played for Penarol .
Abel Hernández has played for the clubs US Città di Palermo and Penarol .
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team .
Abel Hernandez is in the Uruguay Olympic football team .
Abel Hernandez played for the Uruguay Olympic football team .
Abel Hernandez 's club is the Uruguay National football team .
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team .

Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team and he plays for Hull City AFC but his club is US Citta di Palermo .
Abel Hernandez 's club is US Citta di Palermo . He formerly played youth football for Central Espanol and now plays for Hull City AFC .
Abel Hernández 's clubs are Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo . He previously played youth football for Central Espanol .
Abel Hernández plays football for U.S. Città di Palermo , having previously played for Penarol and at youth level for Central Español .
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol . He has since been associated with clubs US Citta di Palermo and Penarol .
Abel Hernández played football at youth level for Central Español . At senior level he has played for US Citta di Palermo and Penarol .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol , managed by , Jorge Orosmán da Silva . Abel Hernandezalso played for the Central Espanol club and now his club is US Citta di Palermo .
Abel Hernández has played for Central Español and plays for the club , U.S. Città di Palermo . In his youth , he played for Peñarol , the manager of which , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Abel Hernández plays for the club , U.S. Città di Palermo and played for the Central Espanol club . He was a member of youth club Peñarol which is managed by , Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Penarol , where Abel Hernandez played youth football , is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva . Hernandez later played for Uruguayan Segunda División side Central Español and then moved to U.S. Città di Palermo .
In his youth , Abel Hernández played for Peñarol where Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager . He currently plays for US Citta di Palermo and also in the Uruguayan Segunda Division league with Central Espanol .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol 's youth club and the club is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva . US Citta di Palermo and the Central Espanol are also Mr. Hernandez 's clubs . The latter club is part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league .
When he was younger , Abel Hernández played for Peñarol . He now plays for US Citta di Palermo in the Serie A . League and managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Abel Hernández , who was a member of youth club Peñaro , plays for the club , U.S. Città di Palermo . The club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and play in the Serie A league .
Abel Hernández plays for , Giuseppe Iachini managed , U.S. Città di Palermo . in the Serie A league . He has played for Peñarol .
The footballer Abner was born in Brazil .
Football player , Abner , was born in Brazil .
Abner ( a footballer ) was born in Brazil .
Adam Maher 's birthplace is Diemen .
Diemen is the birth place of Adam Maher .
Adam Maher was born in Diemen .
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands .


Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team .
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17 .

AZ Alkmaar player Adam Maher represented the Netherlands national side at Under 17 level .
Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club and played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team .
Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club and plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17 .
Adam Maher 's club is PSV Eindhoven .


Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and his clubs are PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar .
Netherlands born Adam Maher 's former clubs include PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar .
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club . His current club is PSV Eindhoven .
Adam Maher 's club is PSV Eindhoven and he played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team .
Adam Maher played for PSV Eindhoven and represented the Netherlands under 17 football team .
Adam Maher , whose club is PSV Eindhoven , plays for Netherlands National under 17 club .
Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 in Prince Edward Island and now weighs 94.8024kg .
Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 on Prince Edward Island . He weighs 94.8024 kilograms .
Born on Oct 12 , 1986 in P.E.I . is Adam McQuaid . He weighs 94.8024 Kg .
Don Sweeney is general manager for the Boston Bruins , the team Adam McQuaid played for . McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets , from Columbus , Ohio .
Adam McQuaid was originally drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets out of Columbus , Ohio . He nows plays with the Boston Bruins whose general manager is Don Sweeney .
Adam McQuaid was drafted with the Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus , Ohio . He played for the Boston Bruins whose manager is Don Sweeney .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad represented the Iraq national football team .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team .
Ahmad Kadhim plays for the Iraqi national football team .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad clubs are Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for both Steel Azin F.C . and Al Shorta SC .

Akeem Adams ' birthplace is Point Fortin .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin .

Ferencvarosi TC is managed by Thomas Doll and is the club of Akeem Adams .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC , where the manager is Thomas Doll .
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC , where the manager is Thomas Doll .
Akeem Adams , who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team formerly played for the T & TEC Sports Club .
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago National football team and the T & TEC Sports Club .

Akeem Adams played for W Connection F.C . and the United Petrotrin F.C. , whose ground was Palo Seco .
Akeem Adams played for W Connection F.C . and is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C . club . which play in Palo Seco .
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC , having previously played for United Petrotrin F.C. , whose ground is Palo Seco .
Akeem Ayers , whose former team was the Los Angeles Rams , was in draft round 2 and his draft pick number was 39 .
Former Los Angeles Rams team member , Akeem Ayers , was number 39 in the draft pick , in draft round 2 .

Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and his former team was New England Patriots .
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and was a former member of the New England Patriots .
Akeem Ayers draft pick is 39 ad his former team is the New England Patriots .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10 , 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans . He has played for the St. Louis Rams .
Akeem Ayers ; was born on 10th July 1989 , made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the St. Louis Rams .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans . He also played for the St. Louis Rams at one point .
Akeem Ayers used to play for the St. Louis Rams . He was number 39 in the draft pick in draft round 2 .
Akeem Ayers , who formerly played for St Louis Rams , was number 39 in the draft pick and in draft round 2 .
St Louis Rams is the former team of Akeem Ayers , who was drat pick 39 , in the draft round , 2 .
Akeem Ayers played for Tennessee Titans and was 39 in the draft pick .
Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
Akeem Ayers ' former team was Tennessee Titans and he was number 39 in the draft pick .
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 .
Akeem Dent date of birth is the 27th September 1987 .
Akeem Dent was born September 27 , 1987 .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27th September 1987 and played for the Houston Texans .
Former Houston Texans player , Akeem Dent , was born in Atlanta Georgia , on 09/27/1987 .
Akeem Dent , who used to play for Houston Texans , was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia .
Akeem Dent , who was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia , made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons .
Akeem Dent , who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons , was born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27 September 1987 .
Akeem Dent , who was born in Atlanta Georgia on 27 September 1987 , made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons .
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987 , in Atlanta , Georgia . He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia , on the 27th of September , 1987 . He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and used to play for Houston Texans .
Akeem Dent , born September 27 , 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia , on the Atlanta Falcons . He also played for the Houston Texans formerly .
Akeem Dent used to play for the Atlanta Falcons .
Akeem Dent 's former team is the Atlanta Falcons .

Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies .
Akeem Priestley 's club is the Connecticut Huskies .

Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies , having previously played for Sheikh Russel KC .
Akeem Priestley 's club is the Connecticut Huskies and he previously played for Sheikh Russel KC .
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and formerly played for Sheikh Russel KC .
Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC and formerly for RoPS .
Akeem Priestley ’ s club is RoPS and he played for Sheikh Russel KC .
Akeem Priestley played for the clubs RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , whose club is Al-Zawra'a SC , is also a member of the club , AL Kharaitiyat SC Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC . which is located in Al Khor .
Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Al Kharaitiyat SC and Al-Zawra'a SC . Al Kharaitiyat SC . are managed by Amar Osim and play their home games at Al Khor .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , who played for the club Al-Zawra'a SC , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by , Amar Osim .
Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Qatar Stars League .


Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League .
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League .

Basim Qasim manages Al-Zawra'a SC .
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC .
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim .
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad .
Baghdad is the birth place of Alaa Abdul-Zahra .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra , who was born in Iraq , is a member of the club Shabab Al-Ordon Club and plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , born in Iraq , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club , and also for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Iraqi born , Alaa Abdul-Zahra , whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club , plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC that has its home land in Al Khor . Mr. Zahra is also part of the Iraq national under 23 football team which is managed by Amar Osim .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , played for the Iraq national under 23 football team , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , located in Al Khor , and managed by , Amar Osim .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , in Al Khor , and for the Iraq national under 23 football team . Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra 's clubs are Shabab Al-Ordon and also Al Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is Al Khor .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra 's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC at their home ground Al Khor .
Shabab Al-Ordon Club is one of the clubs of Alaa Abdul Zahra , Another is , AL Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor .
Alaa Abdul Zahra 's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim and is located in Al Khor . Another club of Alaa Abdul-Zahra , is Shabab Al-Ordon Club .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra , whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club , also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . which is located in Al Khor . The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located at Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim . The Shabab Al-Ordon club is associated with Alaa Abdul-Zahra .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim .
Alaa Abdul Zahra 's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim .

Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club located in Al-Khor .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Al-Khor Sports Club , located in Al-Khor .
Alaa Abdul -Zahra has played for Al-Khor Sports Club , located in Al-Khor .
Alaa Abdul-Zahra 's club is Sanat Mes Kerman F.C .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC .

Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical F.C .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC .
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C .
Footballer , Alan Martin , was born on 01/01/1989 . He played football for Clyde F.C . and plays for Hamilton Academical FC .
Born on 1 January 1989 , Alan Martin currently plays for Hamilton Academical FC , having previously played with Clyde FC .
Footballer , Alan Martin , was born on 01/01/1989 . He is a footballer for the clubs , Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC club .
Footballer , Alan Martin , was born on the 1st January 1989 . He is 185.42 cm tall and plays for both the Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC .
Alan Martin is a footballer who is 185.42 cm in height and was born on 1 January 1989 . He plays for both Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC .
Alan Martin was born on the 1st January 1989 and is 185.42 cm tall . He played football for Hamilton Academical F.C . and is a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC .
Alan Martin plays football for Hamilton Academical F.C and Leeds United F.C .
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical and Leeds United football clubs .
Former clubs of the footballer Alan Martin include Hamilton Academicals FC and Leeds United FC .
Alan Martin once played for Hamilton Academicals FC , which plays their home games at New Douglas Park .
Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academical F.C . at New Douglas Park .
Hamilton Academical FC 's ground is New Douglas Park and is the club of Alan Martin .
Alan Martin , whose club is Motherwell FC , played for Accrington Stanley FC who have their ground in Accrington .
Alan Martin 's football club is Motherwell FC and he has also played for the Accrington based club Accrington Stanley .

Alan Martin is a footballer with the Scotland national under-19 football team club .
Alan Martin played football for the Scotland national under 19 team .

Footballer , Alan Martin , who played for the Scotland national under-21 football team , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C . He was born on the 1st January 1989 and is 185.42 centimetres tall .
Alan martin , was born on the 1st January 1989 . He is 185.42 cm tall , a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC and plays in the Scottish National under 21 football team .
At 185,42 centimetres tall , Footballer , Alan Martin , was born on January 1st 1989 . He played for the Scotland national under-21 football team and is a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC .
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd September 1995 .
Aleksander Barkov Jr 's birthdate is 1995-09-02 .

Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr has played for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr 's club is the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov was born on 2 September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers .
Born on 2nd September 1995 , Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers .
Born September 2 , 1995 , Aleksander Barkov Jr of Tampere , Finland , played for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2 September 1995 in Tampere , Finland and his club is the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere , Finland and played with the Florida Panthers .
Born in Tampere , Finland , Aleksander Barkov Jr played for the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born Sept. 2 , 1995 in Tampere , Finland and drafted with the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr , whose draft team was the Florida Panthers , was born on 2 September 1995 in Tampere , Finland .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland on Sept. 2 , 1995 and his draft team is the Florida Panthers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr is 1.905m tall .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr 's height is 1.905 metres .
The height of Aleksander Barkov Jr. is 1.905 .
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League .
Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League .

FC Torpedo Moscow , managed by Valery Petrakov , is the former club of Aleksandr Chumakov .
FC Torpedo Moscow , managed by Valery Petrakov , is a former club of Aleksandr Chumakov .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club FC Torpedo Moscow , which is managed by Valery Petrakov .
Former Soviet Union international footballer Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia , where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko . FC Torpedo Moscow , managed by Valery Petrakov , once signed Aleksandr Chumakov .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who died in Russia , belonged to FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team . FC Torpedo is managed by FC Torpedo , a Russian leader .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where Valentina Matviyenko is a leader . He belongs to the Soviet Union national football team and has played for FC Torpedo Moscow under the manager Valery Petrakov .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia , where the leader is Vladimir Putin .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died there in Russia . The leader of Russia is Vladimir Putin .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and he died in Russia , where the leader is Vladimir Putin .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989-02-24 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov 's date of birth is 1989-02-24 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov who was born on 24 February 1989 plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Born on 24th February 1989 , Aleksandr Prudnikov , plays for both , FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
Footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov , ( February 24 , 1989 ) , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and Alania Vladikavkaz .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , whose club is FC Tom Tomsk , was born on 24th February 1989 and has played for the Russia national football B team .
Born on February 24th 1989 , the footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov represented the Russia national B team and also played for FC Tom Tomsk .
Born , 1989-02-24 , Aleksandr Prudnikov , belongs to the Russia National Football B Team and plays for FC Tom Tomsk .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born February 24 , 1989 and is 185 cm tall . He plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Born on Feb. 24 , 1989 and measuring 185 cm tall , Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar and is part of the Dynamo Moscow FC .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who is 185cm tall and was born on 24 February 1989 , plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club .

Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24th , 1989 and is 185 cm tall . He once played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24-02-1989 , he is now 185cm tall . His club is FC Spartak Moscow but he currently plays for FC Rubin Kazan .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989-02-24 and is now 185.0cm tall . He played for FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Rubin Kazan .
Former clubs of Aleksandr Prudnikov include FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Aleksandr Prudnikov 's club is FC Spartak Moscow and he also plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
Aleksandr Prudinov plays for FC Tom Tomsk , which plays in the Russian National Football League .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is with the FC Tom Tomsk which is in the Russian Football National League .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk which plays in the Russian Football National league .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi .
Aleksandre Guruli 's birth place is Batumi .

Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178cm tall . He has played for FC Zestafoni and FC Karpaty Lviv .
Aleksandre Guruli , who was born in Batumi , is 178.0 centimetres tall . He is in the FC Zestafoni club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and he is 1.78m tall . He has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni .
Aleksandre Guruli 's club is FC Karpaty Lviv and he also played for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club and FC Dinamo Batumi .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny . Guruli has also played for Olympique Lyonnais whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais and whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas .
Aleksandre Guruli 's club is Olympique Lyonnais who are chaired by Jean-Michel Aulas and have their home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium . He also plays for FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais and have the chairman , Jean-Michel Aulas . His current club is FC Karpaty Lviv managed by Oleh Luzhny .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia .
Aleksandre Guruli 's club is FC Samtredia .

Aleksandre Guruli 's club is the Georgia national under 21 football team .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgian national under 21 team .
Aleksandre Guruli once played for the Georgia national under-21 football team .
AZAL PFK player , Aleksandre Guruli , played for the Olympique Lyonnais club , the home ground of which , is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Aleksandre Guruli 's club is Olympique Lyonnais , whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium . He also plays for AZAL PFK .

Aleksandre Guruli , whose club is US Lesquin , played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who have their home ground at Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the US Lesquin Club and also the Olympique Lyonnais who have their home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin but he use to play for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
The defender , Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Serie A league club A.C. Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic . He is also connected to UC Sampdoria .
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender who plays for UC Sampdoria . He also plays in Serie A for AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Defender Alessio Romagnoli , whose former clubs include UC Sampdoria , has played for the Serie A side AC Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli plays in the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović . He 's alos in the Italy national under 16 's football team .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italy national under-16 football team . He plays for the club A.C. Milan which is managed by , Siniša Mihajlović .
Footballer Alessio Romagnoli , who represented Italy at Under 16 level , plays for C Milan , where the manager is Siniša Mihajlović .
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager for A.C. Milan , of which Alessio Romagnoli is a member . Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U.C . Sampdoria .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan , managed by Siniša Mihajlović and also played for UC Sampdoria .
Alessio Romagnoli , who is connected to UC Sampdoria , plays for A.C. Milan which , is managed by , Siniša Mihajlović .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A.S. Roma .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma .

Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and he use to play for the Italian national under 16 football team , which is coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Alessio Romagnoli is coached by Daniele Zoratto in the Italy national under 16 football team . He plays for A.S. Roma .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and previously for the Italian national under 16 football team coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Alessio Romagnoli who was born in italy plays for U. C. Sampdoria and the Italian national under-17 football team .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the club U.C . Sampdoria , and is a member of club Italy national under 17 's . He was born in Italy .
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club U.C . Sampdoria .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and has represented the club U.C . Sampdoria . He is presently with the AC Milan that is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi .
Alessio Romagnoli belongs to A.C. Milan and plays for U.C . Sampdoria and Italy 's national under-17 football tea , . A C Milan is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and includes chairman Silvio Berlusconi .

Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma 's youth team .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma youth team .
Alessio Romagnoli played in AS Roma 's youth team .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba and is 1.9304 m high . He is in the Anyang Halla club .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba and is 1.9304 m tall . He plays for the Anyang Halla club .

Alex Plante was born in Manitoba .
Alex Plante 's birthplace is Manitoba .

Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba .
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 .

Alex Plante was born in Canada , on 09/05/1989 . His club is called Anyang Halla .
Alex Plante , who played for Anyang Halla , was born on 1989-05-09 , in Canada .
Alex Plante , whose club is Anyang Halla , was born in Canada , on 1989-05-09 .
1.9304m tall Alex Plante , whose club is Anyang Halla , was born in Canada , in 1989 .
1.9304 m tall , Alex Plante , whose club is , Anyang Halla , was born in Canada , in 1989 .
Alex Plante , born in Canada , 1989 is 1.9304m tall and played for Anyang Halla .
Alex Plante 's club is Anyang Halla , he is 1.9304m in height and was born in Canada .
1.9304m tall , Alex Plante , was born in Canada and has played for the club Anyang Halla .
Born in Canada , Alex Plante is 1.9304 metres tall and has played for the club Anyang Halla .
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 and his club is Pallacanestro Cantu .
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 and plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu .
Born on January 8th 1988 , Alex Tyus plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantu .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for Maccabi Ashdod BC whose coach is Zvi Sherf .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the Maccabi Ashdod BC club whose coach is Zvi Sherf .
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C . in the Euroleague . The coach of the Ashdod team is Zvi Sherf .
The league Alex Tyus plays in is the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Alex Tyus 's league is the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
The league Alex Tyus plays in is the Turkish Basketball Super League . His club is Maccabi Ashdod BC which is coached by , Zvi Sherf .
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C who are coached by Zvi Sherf and are part of the Turkish Basketball Super League .

Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C . in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Alex Tyus plays for the club , Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C which is in the Turkish Basketball Super league .
Alex Tyus has played in the Turkish Basketball Super League and has also represented the club Maccabi Tel Aviv BC .
Atlanta Falcons play in Atlanta .
Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta .

The general Manager of the Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney .
Don Sweeney is general manager of the Boston Bruins .
Don Sweeney is general manager for the Boston Bruins .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba , which is led by the Conservative Party of Canada .
Alex Plante 's birth place is Brandon , Manitoba where the leader is the Conservative Party of Canada .
The Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon , Manitoba , where Alex Plante was born .
Budapest is a city in Hungary .


Adam McQuaid came from Canada whose anthem is O Canada .
Canada is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid and their national anthem is O Canada .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is O Canada .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada which is led by Elizabeth II , has a national anthem `` O Canada '' and uses the Inuktitut spoken language .
The national anthem of Canada is O Canada and the leader is , Elizabeth II . Inuktitut is a spoken language in Canada , the birthplace of , Aaron Boogaard .
Aaron Boogaard 's birthplace is Canada . The country , where one of the languages spoken is Inuktitut . It is also where O Canada is the national anthem and the leader is Elizabeth II .
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada , where Aaron Boogaard was born . Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada , where one of the ethnic groups , is Asian Canadians .
The anthem of Canada is O Canada , the leader is Elizabeth II , one of the ethic groups in Canada are the Asian Canadians and it is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Aaron Boogaard is from Canada whose national anthem is O Canada and its leader being Elizabeth II . One ethnic group in Canada are Asian Canadians .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada whose national anthem is called O Canada and its leader is Elizabeth II . Slavey is spoken in Canada .
Elizabeth II is Canada 's leader and the national anthem is `` O Canada '' . It is home to Aaron Boogaard and the Slavey language is spoken .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , where one of the languages is , the Slavey language . The national anthem of Canada is O Canada . and the leader is , Elizabeth II .
English language is spoken in Canada .
English is the language spoken in Canada .
The English language is spoken in Canada .
The English language is spoken in Canada which is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the English language is spoken .

In Canada , the language is Slavey .
Canada 's language is the Slavey language .
One of the languages in Canada is Slavey .
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol , part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league . He plays for the US Citta di Palermo , managed by Giuseppe Iachini , and the Uruguay National football team .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league . Mr. Hernandez plays for the US Citta di Palermo and the Uruguay National football team . Giuseppe Iachini manages the U.S. Città di Palermo team .
Central Español , where Abel Hernandez played youth football , are part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league . Hernández has represented Uruguay at international level and also played for the club U.S. Città di Palermo , where the manager is Giuseppe Iachini .
The Columbus Blue Jackets are based in the city of Columbus , Ohio .
The Columbus Blue Jackets ' city is Columbus , Ohio .

Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi , managed by Levan Khomeriki .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi managed by Levan Khomeriki .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi managed by Levan Khomeriki .
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny .
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv .

Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow who have their home ground at Otkrytiye Arena and are chaired by Sergey Rodionov . He also plays for FC Amkar Perm under the management of Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Aleksandr Prudnikov 's club is FC Spartak Moscow who have Sergey Rodionov as their chairman and play at the Otkrytiye arena . He also plays for FC Amkar Perm who are managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow , who play at the Otkrytiye Arena and count Aleksandr Prudnikov as one of their former players . Prudnikov has also played for FC Amkar Perm , where the manager was Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Aleksandr Prydnikov belongs to FC Terek Grozny , which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov , and has its grounds at Grozny . Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow , which includes chairman Sergey Rodionov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov belongs to FC Terek Grozny , which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and has it grounds at Grozny . He played for FC Spartak Moscow , which includes Sergey Rodionov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for the clubs FC Terek Grozny ( based in Grozny ) , where the manager was Rashid Rakhimov and FC Spartak Moscow , whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played with the Spartak Moscow FC whose playing ground is the Otkrytiye Arena .

Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow , who have their home ground at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow , whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena .

Aleksandr Prudnikov 's club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala and he played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala . His youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow at Otkrytiye Arena .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow , where Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football . He later represented FC Anzhi Makhachkala .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar , also plays for FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is located in Grozny .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar , played for FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is based at Grozny .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny whose local ground is in Grozny . He now plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov 's club is FC Dynamo Moscow although he previously played for FC Spartak Moscow 's youth team . He is currently in the Grozny based FC Terek Grozny club under their manager , Rashid Rakhimov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow 's youth team and later for FC Dynamo Moscow . He has also been signed to Grozy based FC Terek Grozny , who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Aleksandr Prudnikov once played for FC Spartak Moscow 's youth team but now plays for the FC Dynamo Moscow and the FC Terek Grozny out of Grozny . The FC Terek Grozny sees a manager in Rashid Rakhimov .
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow .


Born in the Soviet Union and representing his country at international football , Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow , who competed in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and whose manager is Valery Petrakov .
Aleksandr Chumakov , born in the soviet Union , belongs to the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow , which plays in the Russian Premier League 's 2014-15 season and is managed by Valery Petrakov .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and was a member of the Soviet Union national football team . He has also played for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and participated in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League .
Aleksandr Chumakov 's club was FC Torpedo Moscow . The club , which is managed by Valery Petrakov , played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier league .
Aleksandr Chumakov 's club was FC Torpedo Moscow , the manager of which , is Valery Petrakov . FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League .
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow and its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov . Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the club which spent the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow who has a manager called Valery Petrakov and a chairman called Aleksandr Tukmanov . The FC Torpedo Moscow participated in the Russian Premier League for the 2014-15 season .
FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Aleksandr Chumakov and whose chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov , played the 2014–15 season in the Russian Premier League . Aleksandr Chumakov has played for the club .
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC .
Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvarosi TC .

Akeem Adams ' former clubs include United Petrotrin FC , who play at Palo Seco , and Ferencvarosi TC , where Thomas Doll is the manager and Gabor Kubatov is the chairman .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C . club who have their ground at Palo Seco . He plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll and chaired by Gabor Kubatov .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C . club and also Ferencvarosi TC . The latter club , whose ground is Palo Seco , is chaired by Gabor Kubatov and managed by Thomas Doll .
Akeem Adams was part of the team Ferencvarosi TC , which is managed by Thomas Doll and where the chairman is Gabor Kubatov . Adams ' former clubs also include United Petrotrin FC , whose home ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome .
Akeem Adams belongs to Ferencvárosi TC , which is managed by Thomas Doll and includes chairman Gábor Kubatov . He has played for United Petrotrin F.C. , who play in Palo Seco Velodrome .
Akeem Adams ' club is Ferencvarosi TC who are managed by Thomas Doll and chaired by Gabor Kubatov . He has previously played for United Petrotrin FC who are based at the Palo Seco Velodrome .
The language of Finland is the Finnish language .
The Finnish language is spoken in Finland .

Akeem Dent 's first team were the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans , which are based in the city of Houston and play in Texas .
Houston , Texas is the home of Houston Texans , the former club of Akeem Dent , who debuted with the Atlanta Falcons .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and has played with Houston , Texas based , Houston Texans .
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and also for Hull City AFC which is managed by Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and his club is Hull City A.F.C . which is managed by Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernandez , who played for the Uruguay Olympic football team , plays for Hull City AFC under their manager Steve Bruce .
The coach of the Italian national under 16 football team is Daniele Zoratto .
Daniele Zoratto is coach of the Italy national under 16 football team .

The coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C . is Zvi Sherf .
Maccabi Ashdod BC 's coach is Zvi Sherf .
Zvi Sherf is a coach for Maccabi Ashdod BC .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow , Russia and he died in Russia . The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia . Sergey Sobyanin is Moscow 's leader .
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of Moscow , which is where Aleksandr Chumakov was born , he died in Russia .
Motherwell F.C . home ground is located in Fir Park .
Motherwell FC 's ground is Fir Park .
Motherwell F.C . play their home games at Fir Park .
The owner of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean-Michel Aulas .
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of the Olympique Lyonnais .
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais .
In his youth , Abel Hernández played for Peñarol , which play in the Uruguayan Primera División league . Abel Hernández now plays for Hull City A.F.C . which is managed by , Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernandez was a member of Penarol 's youthclub which plays in the Uruguayan Primera División . He now plays for Hull City A.F.C. , the manager of which , is Steve Bruce .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol , that play in the Uruguayan Primera División league . His current club is Hull City A.F.C . which is managed by , Steve Bruce .
Footballer , Abner , played for the Brazilian national under 20 football team . He also for the football club Real Madrid Castilla , the manager of which , is Luis Miguel Ramis .
Abner is a footballer who has represented the Brazil national under 20 team and plays for Real Madrid Castilla under their manager Luis Miguel Ramis .
Abner plays football for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and also for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
The footballer Abner has played for C.D . FAS and also Real Madrid Castilla , which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
Footballer , Abner plays for the club , Real Madrid Castilla and belongs to C.D . FAS club . Luis Miguel Ramis manages the Real Madrid Castilla .
Footballer , Abner , plays C.D . FAS . and Real Madrid Castilla , the manager of which , is Luis Miguel Ramis .
Akeem Priestley ’ s club is RoPS which plays in the Veikkausliiga .
Akeem Priestley played for club RoPS in the Veikkausliiga .
Akeem Priestley plays for the club RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league .
American Football team , St. Louis Rams , are based in the city of St. Louis .
The St. Louis Rams are based in the city of St. Louis .

St Louis , part of Greater St Louis , is led by Francis G Slay and is the birthplace of Alex Tyus .
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis , part of Greater St Louis , the leader of which , is Francis G. Slay .
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis , ( part of greater St. Louis ) , where Francis G. Slay is the leader .
American Football team Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Tennessee Titans are based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Akeem Ayers 's former team is the New England Patriots and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Akeem Ayers , whose former team is the New England Patriots , made his debut with the American football team Tennessee Titans based in the city of Nashville .
Akeem Ayers ' debut team was the Tennessee Titans , who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee . He later played for the New England Patriots .
Akeem Adams , who plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team previously played for United Petrotin FC whose ground is at Palo Seco .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. , who play their home games at Palo Seco ground . He also played for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 team .
Akeem Adams , who has represented Trinidad and Tobago at under 20 level , played for United Petrotrin FC , whose ground is Palo Seco .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC , who were playing in Palo Seco Velodrome .

