Peter Stöger manages 1. FC Köln .
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season .
The architect of 103 Colmore Row was John Madin .
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row .
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa . RECORDLABEL people are an ethnic group in South Africa .
The White South African are an ethnic group in the South Africa which has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and White South African are one of the ethnic groups .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County, Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and has Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast . Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank, California , is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War .
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is available in Print and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7 . It was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
1634: The Baltic War , written in English , was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War and written by David Weber .
Grantville Gazette III , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
The Grantville Gazettes was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in E-book .
1634: The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is available in E-book and has 512 pages .
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in Hardcover .
1634: The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is available in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 .
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1634: The Ram Rebellion .
1634: The Ram Rebellion is published in E-book and has 512 pages . It was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available in E-book and has 512 pages .
The construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 .
20 Fenchurch Street is in London which is lead by the European Parliament .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the currency is the Pound sterling and the currency is the Pound sterling . The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street in London .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County, Ohio , which is governed by the Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , where Frank G. Jackson is the leader .
250 Delaware Avenue , with a floor area of 140000.0 square metres , was built in 250 Delaware AvenueSTARTDATE and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres . It was built in 250 Delaware AvenueSTARTDATE .
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York began in 250 Delaware AvenueSTARTDATE and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York , Erie County, New York , which is part of Erie County, New York .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which is lead by Barack Obama .
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County, Illinois , United States , where the leader is Susana Mendoza .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago , DuPage County, Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois .
The architect of 3Arena was HOK SVE .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin .
3Arena in Dublin was designed by the company Populous and completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is located on East Link Bridge .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin .
3Arena in East Link Bridge is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and the leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland . The Dáil Éireann is the leader of Dublin .
The owner of 3Arena in Beverly Hills, California is Live Nation Entertainment .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J V Jones , is available in Print with the OCLC number 51969173 and ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in Hardcover .
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in Print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0 .
A Glastonbury Romance is in Print and has 1174 pages .
The book A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and is published by Faber and Faber . The book was followed by A Long Long Way and followed by A Long Long Way .
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4 .
A Long Long Way is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . The book was followed by A Long Long Way .
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4 .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press . The book was followed by A Long Long Way .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Faber and Faber . The book was followed by A Long Long Way and followed by A Long Long Way .
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader .
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and was published in Print with the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in Hardcover and has 388 pages . The OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in Print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number ISBN_NUMBER .
A Severed Wasp is in Print and has the OCLC number of 8805735 . It was published in Print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , is available in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 . It is available in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 .
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 .
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313 and the OCLC number 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 .
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in Cesena . They play in the Serie B league .
The Carpi F.C. 1909 football club play in Serie B , the champions of which are Carpi F.C. 1909 .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both Calcio Catania and Calcio Catania .
The full name of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their ground is in Verona, Italy . They have 39371 members and their ground is in Verona, Italy .
A.C. Chievo Verona play their home matches at the Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi in Serie A .
Italian born Rolando Maran is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. .
A.C. Lumezzane 's ground is in Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 4150 members . They played in the 2014 season .
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also plays for A.C. Lumezzane and A.C. Lumezzane .
A.C. Lumezzane played in the 2014–15 Lega Pro season .
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Asociación Deportiva .
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is `` Isidro Metapán '' . They have 10000 members and their ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez .
The manager of C.D. FAS is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for C.D. FAS .
The full name of SOCCERCLUB is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is spoken in Greece .
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and the leader is Nikos Voutsis .
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season .
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece season .
Stuart Parker (footballer) has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both A.F.C. Blackpool and A.F.C. Blackpool .
Stuart Parker (footballer) has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both Stockport County F.C. and Stockport County F.C. .
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of AFC Blackpool is located . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for Chesterfield F.C. and Chesterfield F.C. .
Stuart Parker (footballer) has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both KV Mechelen and KV Mechelen .
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for A.F.C. Blackpool .
The manager of Sparta Rotterdam is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Sparta Rotterdam .
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members .
A.F.C. Fylde 's ground is in GROUND .
A.F.C. Fylde 's ground is in GROUND and they have 3180 members .
A.D. Isidro Metapan 's ground is in Metapán and they have 3180 members .
Bryning Lane is the home to A.F.C. Fylde which has 3180 members .
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl , they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season . Their ground is in Italy .
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . They have 5300 members and their ground is the Stadio Pietro Barbetti . The club played in the 2014 season .
A.S. Gubbio 1910 's ground is in Italy .
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is `` Livorno Calcio S.p.A. '' , they have 19238 members and their ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi . The club has 19238 members .
Christian Panucci has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both Genoa C.F.C. and Genoa C.F.C. .
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio .
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members .
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their ground is in Rome, Italy . They have 70634 members .
A.S. Roma 's ground is in Rome, Italy and their ground is in Rome, Italy .
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their ground is in Rome . They have 70634 members and their ground is in Rome .
A.S. Roma played in the 2014–15 Serie A season .
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark is 3XN and the tenant of the hotel is the Marriott International Hotel .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and is located in Denmark . It has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by 3XN and was designed by the architects 3XN .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors .
AS Roma play in the Serie A league in Italy .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. ) comes under the academic discipline of DISEASE and has the ISSN number 1046-8188 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. ) has the CODEN code ATISET .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. ) comes under the academic discipline of DISEASE and has the ISSN number 1558-2868 .
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece league and have 69618 members . Their ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who plays for Chelsea F.C. and Chelsea F.C. . He also plays for Chelsea F.C. and Chelsea F.C. .
AFC Ajax (amateurs) 's ground is in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader .
AFC Ajax (amateurs) nickname is Asa Gigante .
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members .
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Hoofdklasse season season .
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014–15 Topklasse season .
Frank de Boer manages AFC Ajax .
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer who plays for AFC Ajax .
AFC Ajax , with 53502 members , owns AFC Ajax .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the capital city is London . The AIDS (journal) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS (journal) is published .
AIP Advances was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances .
AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv , was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and has the CODEN code AAIDBI .
The EISSN number of the AIP Advances is 2158 .
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and they have 17023 members .
The full name of AZ Alkmaar is Alkmaar Zaanstreek , they have 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
John van den Brom is the manager of AFC Ajax and plays for both AFC Ajax and AFC Ajax .
John van den Brom has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both AZ Alkmaar and AZ Alkmaar .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the AZAL Arena located in Shuvalan .
The AZAL Arena is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who are in the Azerbaijan Premier League league . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league .
The AZAL Arena is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who are located in Azerbaijan . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where the champions are Olympiacos F.C .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense 's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which has 3500 members and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League league . They have 3500 members .
AZAL PFK is located at Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan .
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0 .
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus .
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459 .
The area code for Abilene, Texas is 325 .
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Taylor County, Texas , United States .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas , United States . It has a runway length of 1121.0 .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas , United States . The airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and is part of Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport , which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway is named 17L/35R and has a length of 2194.0 .
Abilene Regional Airport , which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway is named 17R/35L and has a length of 2194.0 .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Above the Veil which was preceded by Above the Veil .
Castle (novel) is the sequel to Castle (novel) which was written by Australians .
Into Battle (novel) is the sequel to Into Battle (novel) which was written by Australians . It was preceded by Into Battle (novel) and followed by Into Battle (novel) .
Aenir , written in English , was followed by Aenir .
Above the Veil is available in Hardcover .
Castle (novel) preceded Castle (novel) which was preceded by Castle (novel) .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 100 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has 600 students and 600 students .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 600 students and was established in 1996 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland .
The Accademia di Architettura di Ticino in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy . It is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka . It has Mahe , India to its northwest and it is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is `` MOTTO '' .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in 2000 . Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology 's campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology 's campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Visvesvaraya Technological University in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in the All India Council for Technical Education .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology 's campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy . It is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Acharya Institute of Technology 's campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy . It is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Belgaum – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the International Tennis Federation in the International Tennis Federation .
The sport Tennis has Tennis as its governing body and the governing body is Tennis .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai , SETTLEMENT was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Addiction .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0236-5294 .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the ISSN number 1588-2632 and the LCCN number 83646315 .
Springer Science+Business Media is the parent company of Springer Science+Business Media which published Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
The CODEN code for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol. ) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County, Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County is Cumberland County and to the north is Cumberland County .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a Contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania . It is categorised as a Contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County, Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County is Cumberland County and to the north is Cumberland County . Carrol County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Frederick County, Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
The construction of Adare Manor began in 1700 .
Adare Manor , designed by James Pain , was completed in 1862 and designed by James Pain .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland .
The academic discipline of Addiction (journal) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is DISEASE . It has the ISSN number 0965-2140 .
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q and has the ISSN number 1360-0443 . It is concerned with the academic discipline of AGENT .
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 27367194 .
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction (journal) .
Addis Ababa City Hall , with a height of 121.92 metres , has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres .
Addis Ababa City Hall , with a height of 121.92 metres , is owned by The College of William and Mary .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level .
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York .
Adisham Hall , located in Haputale, Sri Lanka , has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
The construction of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka began in Adisham HallSTARTDATE and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka . It was started in Adisham HallSTARTDATE and completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka , the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the Tamil language is spoken .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka , the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the language spoken is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . The Tamil language is spoken in Sri Lanka .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka where the Tamil language is spoken .
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the Tudor Revival architectural style .
Construction of Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , began in Adisham HallSTARTDATE and completed in 1931 .
Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. ) has the CODEN code ASCQAG .
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226 .
Cornell University is in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 4100.0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is 911 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4349.0 .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.0 .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 .
Aenir by Garth Nix was produced in Print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 .
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 .
Aenir by Garth Nix is available in Print and has the OCLC number 45644811 .
The Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by the Infraero .
Agra Airport is located in Awadh which is part of Awadh and Awadh . The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level .
Agra Airport is located in Awadh which is part of Awadh and Awadh . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Agra Airport is located in Agra .
The Indian Air Force is the operating organisation for Agra Airport in India . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Agra Airport is located in India where the leader is T S Thakur .
Agra Airport is located in Awadh which is part of Awadh and Awadh . Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh .
Agra Airport is located in Awadh which is part of Awadh and Awadh . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil and their home ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube play their home matches at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense 's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas , Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense 's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca , Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are managed by Vica , who was born in Brazil . They have 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil . They have NUMBEROFMEMBERS members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil . They played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season and have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Vica manages Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( abbreviated to SOCCERCLUB ) has 17000 members .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season .
The alternative name for Ajoblanco is Ajo blanco .
Ajoblanco is an ingredient of the Ajoblanco which comes from the Spain and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece 'n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Ajoblanco is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Spain .
Bread is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain . The main ingredients are bread and Bread .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , Ajoblanco , shredded coconut and raisins . It comes from the Andalusia region of Spain .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains Water .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains Water .
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The country 's leader is Tarō Asō and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Japanese people .
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and was completed in COMPLETIONDATE .
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 2013-09-28 .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Denzil Antonio . They have 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
Akron Summit Assault 's ground is in Akron, Ohio , United States .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located in United States , where the champions are Akron Summit Assault and the champions are Akron Summit Assault .
Akron Summit Assault 's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School .
Akron Summit Assault 's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School , which is in the Superleague of Greece . They play in the Premier Development League league .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League league .
Al Asad Airbase is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has an elevation of ELEVATIONABOVETHESEALEVEL_(IN_METRES) metres above sea level .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3078.48 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the MILITARYCONFLICT and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Operation Enduring Freedom and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Operation Enduring Freedom and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the United States invasion of Panama and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Korean War and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Korean War and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers and the Lockheed AC-130 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the United States invasion of Panama and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers and the Lockheed AC-130 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Korean War .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase and fought in the United States invasion of Panama .
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84.0 metres above sea level .
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in Alan B. Miller HallSTARTDATE and was completed in COMPLETIONDATE .
The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in Virginia , United States .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia , which was started in Alan B. Miller HallSTARTDATE .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall which is owned by The College of William and Mary .
Alan Bean , a US national , was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a Test pilot . He was a crew member of NASA 's Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler, Texas . He was a Test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 along with Alan Bean .
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler, Texas . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA . He is now Retired .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S . He was a Test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 . He was a crew member of NASA 's Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 along with Alan Bean .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with a M.A . in 1957 and retired on 1 August 1974 .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in California . He graduated from NWC with a M.A . in 1957 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in California on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M.A . in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in California on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M.A . in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard died in California and died in California .
Alan Shepard died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in California on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M.A . in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in California and graduated from NWC with a M.A . in 1957 . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in California on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with a M.A . in 1957 and was a Test pilot . He died in California .
Alan Shepard , who was born in California and died in California , was a Test pilot .
Alan Shepard was born in California on November 18th , 1923 and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 and retired on 1974-08-01 .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in California . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 14 and retired on August 1 , 1974 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a Test pilot . He was a crew member of NASA 's Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member on Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard was born in California and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California .
Alba Iulia is in the Romania .
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County .
The Mayor leads Albany, Georgia .
The total area of Albany, Oregon is 45.97 (square kilometres) .
Albany, Oregon is in the United States .
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the Albuquerque City Council .
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the LEGISLATURE .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 .
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 .
Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid and is the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is Poaceae and has a length of 733.0 .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is Poaceae which has a length of 877.0 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which has its headquarters in Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and is located in Punjab, Pakistan . The airport is operated by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakistan .
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Appleton . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 1533.0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan , United States .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 .
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19 .
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States .
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas .
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States .
Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Italy . The main ingredients are meringue , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio .
B. V. Doshi was the architect of the Amdavad ni Gufa .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , which is lead by Narendra Modi and Narendra Modi .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road , Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . The leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of the country is Narendra Modi .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . The leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader is called the Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . T S Thakur is a leader in India .
The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math , comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics . The ISSN number is 1080-6377 and the LCCN number is LCCN_NUMBER .
American Journal of Mathematics has the impact factor 1.337 .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader is Austin Fernando .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 3500.0 and is -3.3528 metres above sea level .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0 . The runway name is 06/24 'Kaagbaan' and it has a length of 2014.0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and is operated by Schiphol Group .
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam .
The area code for Anaheim, California is 657 .
Anderson, Indiana is part of the state of Paraná .
Amarillo is the county seat of Andrews County, Texas .
Andrews County Airport is elevated 973.0 metres above sea level and its first runway is made of Asphalt .
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews . It is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0 . The runway name is 11/29 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where Spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where Spanish is spoken and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the largest city is Houston and the largest city is Houston .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston and the largest city is Houston . The inhabitants of Texas are called Texans and the capital city is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the largest city is Austin, Texas and the largest city is Austin, Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the largest city is Houston .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29 .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad .
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and serves the city of Luanda . The airport is 159 metres above sea level .
Located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola , Angola International Airport has a runway length of 4000.0 .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . It has a runway length of 4000.0 and is 159 metres above sea level .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and has a runway name of South Runway .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
The leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan is the LEGISLATURE .
The Mayor leads Ann Arbor, Michigan .
The population density of Ann Arbor, Michigan is 1580.7 (inhabitants per square kilometre) .
Antioch, California is located at 13.0 above sea level .
The leader of Antioch, California is the California's 11th State Assembly district .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department in Colombia .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium , where the leader is OFFICEHOLDER .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government . The airport is 12.0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12.0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works . The airport serves the city of Antwerp .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works . The airport serves the city of Antwerp and has a runway length of 600.0 . The airport is 12.0 metres above sea level .
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Alan Bean was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission . Alan Bean was a backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission operated by NASA .
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 along with Alan Bean and Alan Bean .
Apollo 14 was operated by NASA .
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA .
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and is served by Appleton International Airport .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton . It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0 .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton . It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0 . The runway name is 3/21 .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin , United States .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville, Wisconsin , United States . Greenville is part of Greenville, Wisconsin .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Menasha (town), Wisconsin . Greenville is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae , which belongs to the order of Poales .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Monocotyledon which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Flowering plant which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order Poales .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Monocotyledon which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation of the Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) which is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of Poaceae . The runway name is 03R/21L and it has a length of 1411.0 .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of Poaceae . The runway name is 03R/21L and it has a length of 597.0 .
Javanese cuisine is a food found in Indonesia , where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the leader is Joko Widodo . The currency used in Indonesia is the Indonesian rupiah and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla and Jusuf Kalla are leaders .
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia .
The main ingredients of Javanese cuisine are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . It is a variation of Javanese cuisine and is a variation of Javanese cuisine .
Arem-arem is a Main course dish from the PLACE region . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in Banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Arem-arem comes from the country of Indonesia .
Indonesia is the country Arem-arem comes from .
Arem-arem can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Arlington, Texas is located at 184.0 above sea level .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the capital is Rome .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian . Sergio Mattarella and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders of Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is a dish from Rome , Italy . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and Chili pepper .
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region of Italy and contains Garlic .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce , a dish from Italy .
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil .
Arros negre contains Squid and comes from Spain .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Catalonia in Spain . The main ingredients are Cephalopod ink and Cephalopod ink .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Arros negre contains Squid and comes from the region of the Catalonia in Spain .
GRAPE is an ingredient in Arros negre .
ANIMAL is an ingredient in Arros negre .
Arros negre contains MOLLUSCA and comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The leader of the country is Ximo Puig and the people are called Spaniards .
Asam pedas is from Malaysia .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . It is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur . Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the country and the capital is Kuala Lumpur .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia and Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group there .
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra , where the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Located in Ashgabat , Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . The airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0 . The runway name is 12R/30L .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach . He also designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Asilomar State Beach .
Julia Morgan , born in California , designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Riverside Art Museum .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan , who was born in California and is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed many significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle .
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street (Manhattan) . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located on 23rd Street (Manhattan) .
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , Manhattan , New York , United States . Gale Brewer is a leader in Chicago .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York City , United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York City , United States . New York City is part of New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by René Goscinny .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by René Goscinny and René Goscinny .
The Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir , Turkey . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The currency is the Turkish lira and the capital is Ankara .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , Turkey , was inaugurated on 1932-07-27 .
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of Bronze .
Athens International Airport is located in Athens and serves the city of Athens .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Alexis Tsipras is the leader of that country .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata .
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , Atlantic County, New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway length of 1873.0 and is named 4/22 .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey , United States . The runway name is 4/22 .
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States .
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana .
Auburn, Alabama is part of Alabama .
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and Len Wein .
The comic character Bolt was created by Walt Simonson and the American , Walt Simonson .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Marv Wolfman .
Avocado belongs to the genus Avocado .
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Java . The main ingredients are Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Fried chicken is a dish from the country of Malaysia . The main ingredients are Fried chicken and Fried chicken .
Fried chicken is a dish found in Java and also in Malaysia and Singapore . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed Fried chicken served with sambal .
Ayam penyet can be served Hot .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial , made of Red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is the key person at BBC which was founded in Washington DC and is the creator of Bananaman .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are Bacon and Bacon Explosion .
Bacon Explosion is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States . It includes Bacon Explosion and Bacon .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D.C .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans in the United States are one of the ethnic groups . The capital of the country is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the leader .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the leader is John Roberts .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States , where the leader is John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Bacon Explosion is a Main course that can be served SERVINGTEMPERATURE .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , includes Bacon sandwich .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the Bacon sandwich .
Bacon sandwich ( or Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin ) is a variation of the Bacon sandwich . It is a variation of the Bacon sandwich and the Bacon sandwich .
A variation of the Bacon sandwich is the Bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the Bacon sandwich and the Bacon sandwich .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . It is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece 'n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Baked Alaska is a food found in China where the Standard Chinese is spoken .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Christmas pudding which comes from the France, United States or China .
Baked Alaska is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France , where the leader is Gerard Larcher and the language is Spanish .
Baked Alaska is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of United States .
Baked Alaska is a Dessert .
Baked Alaska and Baked Alaska are both desserts .
Christmas pudding is a Dessert , as is Christmas pudding which contains Christmas pudding .
Christmas pudding is a Dessert , as is Christmas pudding which contains Christmas pudding .
The main ingredients of Meringue are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , Meringue , shredded coconut and raisins . It is found in the region of Paris, New York or Hong Kong , France, United States or China .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , Baked Alaska , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs .
Bakewell pudding is an ingredient in a Bakewell pudding which is a variation of the Bakewell pudding .
Bakewell pudding is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding which is from the Derbyshire Dales region , Derbyshire .
Bakewell pudding is a variant of Bakewell pudding and originates from the Derbyshire Dales . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Bakewell pudding is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding which is from the Derbyshire Dales region , Derbyshire .
Bakewell pudding is a variant of Bakewell pudding which originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin .
Bakewell tart is an ingredient of Bakewell tart .
Bakso is an ingredient of Bakso .
Bakso is an ingredient of Bakso .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial was designed in MATERIAL by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial , made of Red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial was designed in MATERIAL by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Red granite and white marble .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Jack Kirby .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Kelvin Mao , was created by Doug Moench .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which starred Graeme Garden .
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV .
Bananaman was created by BROADCASTEDBY .
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie .
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 .
Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . It was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor .
Bananaman was first aired on 10/03/1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Columbia . It contains raisins .
Bandeja paisa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
Rutaceae , part of the Rutaceae family , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Colombian cuisine .
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is a member of the Lemon family .
Rutaceae is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa . This dish is from the Colombian cuisine and is part of the Colombian cuisine and is part of Columbian cuisine .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and Rice .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with Acharya Institute of Technology . The Institute is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore .
Barny Cakes , made with Sponge cake , can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Gerard Larcher .
Barny Cakes ( founded in Chicago ) is a traditional dish from France , where the leader is Gerard Larcher and the language spoken is French .
Barny Cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone .
Barny Cakes were created by Barny Cakes .
Barny Cakes contain 1.8g of protein , 4.8g of fat and 18 grams of carbs .
Barny Cakes can be added to Barny Cakes .
Barny Cakes contain 4.8g of fat .
Batagor is a dish from the Indonesia . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Batagor is a variation of Batagor and Siomay ( which contains Shiitake ) and Batagor .
Batchoy is a food found in Philippines .
Shrimp is an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group .
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Vegetable is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the Standard Chinese is spoken .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Indonesia , it includes Oyster sauce .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . It is a dish from the country of Indonesia and is made in China .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , Indonesia . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , where English language is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the Singapore region of Singapore and Indonesia . Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore and English language is spoken there .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader .
The German language is spoken in Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel . The Flemish Government is the jurisdiction of the Flemish Government .
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of the Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium .
The main ingredients of Bhajji are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are HISTORICPLACE and vegetables .
Narendra Modi and Narendra Modi are leaders in India where the currency is the Indian rupee and Bhajji is a traditional dish .
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of India where the people are known as Indians . Bhajji is a food found in Karnataka where the Indian people are an ethnic group .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the Indian people are an ethnic group and the leader is T.S . Thakur .
Sumitra Mahajan and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where the people are known as Indians and the dish Bhajji is found .
Bhajji is a food found in Karnataka , India . Narendra Modi and Narendra Modi are leaders in India .
Bhajji is a food found in India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader .
Bhajji is a food found in Karnataka , India . T.S . Thakur is the leader of India , where the leader is Vajubhai Vala .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of the Karnataka . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Bhajji is a variation of Bhajji and contains FUNGUS .
Bibbo Bibbowski , full name Bo Bibbowski , was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway , an American .
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award .
The film Big Hero 6 was Big Hero 6 .
Cookie is a Dessert that contains Sweet potato . Sandesh is also a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Sweet potato .
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit which is a dish from the Philippines .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sago and Sweet potato .
Sweet potato is part of the Sweet potato family and is an ingredient in Binignit .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato and Sweet potato .
Binignit comes from the region of Visayas .
Sour cream is an ingredient in the Dessert Bionico , which comes from Mexico .
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara , Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins .
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco , Mexico . The main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco , Mexico . It contains raisins .
Bionico is a Dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico . The leader of Mexico is Felipe VI and the leader is Felipe VI .
Bionico is a Dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country .
Bionico is an ingredient of Bionico which is served as a Dessert .
Bionico and Bionico are types of the same dish .
Birmingham is the postal code of Birmingham .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham where the governing body is Birmingham City Council . The governing body of the city is Birmingham City Council and the leader is Andrew Mitchell .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , which is lead by Labour politician John Clancy .
The comic book character Jon Valor was created by Sheldon Moldoff and Sheldon Moldoff .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Roland Desmond , was created by Roger Stern and Roger Stern .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Roger Stern .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Dan Mishkin .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Ernie Colón and Ernie Colón .
Ernie Colón and Ernie Colón created the comic character of Balder who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Paris Cullins .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Paris Cullins and Paris Cullins .
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is `` Hugh Hazzard '' .
Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now STATUS .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a Fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was a Fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963 . He was a Fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey , United States .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County, New Jersey , United States . Joe Biden is a leader in that region .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey ) was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County, New Jersey . He was a crew member of NASA 's Apollo 11 along with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member on Apollo 11 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is from the United States .
Buzz Aldrin is a Retired Fighter pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of NASA 's Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin , a Fighter pilot , was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member on Apollo 11 . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission .
California is in the United States .
Alan Shepard has died in California , and died in California .
Aenir was followed by Aenir .
Apiaceae belongs to the family of Apiaceae and is an ingredient in Bakso .
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois .
Cornell University is competing in the SOCIETALEVENT .
Dead Man's Plack is made from rock and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales , which is where Bakewell pudding is from . It is a variation of Bakewell pudding and is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire . It is the home of the dish Bakewell pudding which has Bakewell pudding as an ingredient .
Cake is a type of Dessert .
Bionico is a Dessert , as is Bionico which contains Bionico .
Ice cream is a type of Dessert .
Ice cream is a Dessert , as is Ice cream .
Alan Shepard was born in California on November 18th , 1923 and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland .
Dublin is part of the Leinster .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Big Hero 6 (film) . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Duncan Rouleau and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Big Hero 6 (film) . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Big Hero 6 (film) . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas System , which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in Dallas .
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in St. Louis . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in St. Louis . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a Test pilot . He died in St. Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
Elliot See was born in St. Louis on 23rd July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis on February 28th , 1966 .
Elliot See was born in St. Louis on the 23rd of July 1927 . He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas at Austin and will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in St. Louis . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas System , which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and died in Dallas .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is part of the Kingdom of France . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is part of the Kingdom of France .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas . He died on 1966-02-28 in Dallas .
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St. Louis .
Elliot See served as a Test pilot .
Elliot See was born on March 15 , 1932 in Dallas .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is spoken and the language is English .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the capital is Washington D.C. and the African Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and the leader is Joe Biden . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn .
The European University Association is headquartered in Brussels .
Flemish Region is led by the Flemish Government .
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia .
Georgia (U.S. state) is in the United States .
The language spoken in Greece is Greek .
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis .
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis .
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. .
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , DISEASE .
Lentivirus is part of the family Lentivirus .
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States .
The AWH Engineering College in Mumbai , Mahé, India , India has 250 academic staff . Kerala 's largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river in India .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Mumbai , India , where the largest city is Mumbai .
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan .
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Jusuf Kalla .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Bakso is a traditional dish .
Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from , it 's capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , it is more specific to Java and it 's leader is Jusuf Kalla .
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella . Italian is the language spoken in Italy .
Sergio Mattarella and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
Italians inhabit Italy .
Matteo Renzi and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the country is the location of Amatriciana sauce .
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians live and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and the official language is Italian .
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians in Japan .
The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō .
The ethnic group of Java is the Baduy .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java . The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java .
The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in Java where the leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where English is spoken .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish Ayam penyet can be found .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , where the leader is Tony Tan and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schöneiche .
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics) .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys .
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka , Karnataka .
Alabama is located in Alabama .
Lemon is a member of the order of Rosids .
The key person for Marriott International is Bill Marriott .
Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award (comics) .
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 .
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio .
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages S.S. Chieti Calcio .
Mexicans inhabit the U.S .
The Spanish language is spoken in Mexico .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and is owned by the National Park Service . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The monument is owned by the National Park Service .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland , United States . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey .
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC which is located in Athens where the leader is Giorgos Kaminis .
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi .
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Community of Madrid is part of Community of Madrid .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Arabic is spoken and the Ilocano people are an ethnic group . Ethnic groups in the country include the Ilocano people and the Ilocano people .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Philippine Spanish is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is the Ilocano people .
The Arabic is spoken in Philippines .
Monocotyledon belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids . It is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Monocotyledon which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
The owner of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the Four World Trade Center .
Potter County, Texas is located in Potter County, Texas .
K-W United FC are the champions of Premier Development League .
The English language is spoken in Republic of Ireland .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania 's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . Romania 's capital is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania 's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital of the country is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
The Deșteaptă-te, române! is located in Bucharest , Romania . Romania 's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . Romania 's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Bucharest , Romania . Romania 's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The leader of the country is known as the Prime Minister of Romania , and its leader is called the President .
The people of the Romania are known as British .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and has the latin name of `` Universitas Apulensis '' . Its rector is RECTOR .
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE Publications , which is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain .
San Sebastián de los Reyes is part of San Sebastián de los Reyes and is the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , Essex County, New York , United States .
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students . Its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark . It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students . Its dean is DEAN .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark .
AS Roma 's full name is `` Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense '' . They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have been champions .
Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore , where English is spoken . Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia and is also popular in Singapore . The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob .
Shumai is a variation of Siomay .
Batagor and Batagor are variations of the same dish .
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa .
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the Stephen Dilts .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Felipe VI .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Felipe VI . The currency used in the country is the Euro .
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Bury F.C. .
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States .
The capital of the United Kingdom is Washington D.C .
The AIDS journal is published in the UK where the leader is Elizabeth II . The capital of the country is Washington D.C. and the leader is Elizabeth II .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where David Cameron is the leader .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader . The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK . The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II and the parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President and the capital city is Washington DC .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . The US is home to the African Americans and African Americans .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is African American . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . The US is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans and the book A Fortress of Grey Ice .
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United States .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is White Americans . The country 's leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is White Americans .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The leader of United States is Joe Biden .
The leader of United States is Paul Ryan .
University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas at Austin .
University of Texas at Austin is competing in the SOCIETALEVENT .
The Acharya Institute of Technology 's campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Belgaum – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum .
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by GOVERNMENTAGENCY . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin and Buzz Aldrin .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
American William Anders was born in United States on October 17th , 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S . He was a Fighter pilot and a crew member on ARTIFICIALSATELLITE .
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys .
