Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998 . (id0)
Aaron Deer collaborates with The Horns of Happiness . (id1)
Aaron Deer plays with The Horns of Happiness . (id1)
Aaron Deer has been signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars . (id2)
Aaron Deer 's record label is called Kill Rock Stars . (id2)
Aaron Deer is signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars . (id2)
Aaron Turner falls in the genre of avant-garde metal music . (id3)
Aaron Turner also uses the musical genre Avant-garde metal . (id3)
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music . (id3)
Aaron Turner plays progressive metal music . (id4)
Aaron Turner uses the genre Progressive metal . (id4)
Aaron Turner performs progressive metal music . (id4)
Abradab has a background as a solo singer . (id5)
Abradab 's background is that of solo singer . (id5)
Abradab was born on November 12th 1978 . (id6)
Abradab was born on 12th November 1978 . (id6)
The birth date of Abradab is 12th November 1978 . (id6)
The birth place of Abradab is Poland . (id7)
Abradab was born in Poland . (id7)
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music . (id8)
Abradab performs hip hop music . (id8)
Agustín Barboza plays Guarania style of music . (id9)
The genre Guarania , is the musical genre that Agustin Barboza is involved in . (id9)
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul , Turkey . (id10)
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music . (id11)
Alan Frew 's genre is Rock music . (id11)
Alan Frews ' musical genre is rock music . (id11)
Albennie Jones has worked with the musical artist Sammy Price . (id12)
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer . (id13)
A solo singer is part of Aleksandra Kovač 's background , . (id13)
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia . (id14)
Yugoslavia is the birth place of Aleksandra Kovač . (id14)
The birth place of Aleksandra Kovac is Yugoslavia . (id14)
The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm and blues . (id15)
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and blues . (id15)
Aleksandra Kovac 's genre is rhythm and blues . (id15)
Aleksandra Kovač 's genre is soul music . (id16)
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music . (id16)
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop . (id17)
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre . (id17)
Alex Day performs Synthpop music . (id17)
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with fellow musician Héctor Numa Moraes . (id18)
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the artist Hector Numa Moraes . (id18)
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hector Numa Moraes . (id18)
Montevideo is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa . (id19)
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo . (id19)
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo . (id19)
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay . (id20)
Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label . (id21)
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a recording label in RCA Records . (id21)
Alfredo Zitarrosa 's record label is RCA Records . (id21)
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963 . (id22)
1963 was the beginning of Alison O'Donnell 's active years . (id22)
Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music . (id23)
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music . (id23)
Alison O'Donnell is a singer and also plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . (id24)
The instruments that Alison O'Donnell plays are bodhrán , percussion , autoharp plus she also sings . (id24)
Alison O'Donnell is a musician who uses her voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp . (id24)
Allen Forrest was born on February 4 , 1981 . (id25)
Allen Forrest 's birth date is 1981-02-04 . (id25)
Allen Forrest 's birth date is 04th February 1981 . (id25)
Allen Forrest plays pop music . (id26)
Allen Forrest is an exponent of Pop music . (id26)
Allen Forrest was a pop artist . (id26)
The location of Alligator Records is Chicago . (id27)
Alligator Records is located in Chicago . (id27)
Alligator records is based in Chicago . (id27)
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone . (id28)
Anders Osborne and Johnny Sansone are associates . (id28)
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music . (id29)
Anders Osborne 's genre is Rhythm and blues . (id29)
Rhythm and blues is the musical genre of Anders Osborne . (id29)
Anders Osborne was signed to the record label 'Alligator Records ' . (id30)
Anders Osborne 's record label is Alligator Records . (id30)
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records . (id30)
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer . (id31)
The singer Andra 's genre is Rhythm and blues . (id31)
Andra performs rhythm and blues music . (id31)
Andrew Rayel began his musical career in 2009 . (id32)
Andrew Rayel started his career in 2009 . (id32)
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns . (id33)
The musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates . (id33)
The birth place of Andrew Rayel is Chisinau , Moldova . (id34)
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova . (id34)
The musician , Andrew White , is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow . (id35)
Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow . (id35)
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records . (id36)
The musician Andrew White is signed to the record label B-Unique Records . (id36)
Asunción is a part of Gran Asunción . (id37)
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción . (id37)
Christian Burns plays the guitar . (id38)
Christian Burns plays guitar . (id38)
Hip hop music has the sub genre Gangsta rap . (id39)
Hip hop music has a sub genre called Gangsta rap . (id39)
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music . (id39)
Hip hop music originated from funk music . (id40)
Hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk . (id40)
Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk . (id40)
The stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music . (id41)
Indie Rock has its origins in New wave music . (id41)
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester . (id42)
Manchester is part of the Greater Manchester area . (id42)
Manchester is a part of Greater Manchester . (id42)
Polydor Records are based in London . (id43)
Polydor records are located in London . (id43)
Polydor Records is located in London . (id43)
The distribution company for RCA Records is Sony Music Entertainment . (id44)
RCA Records distribute through Sony Music Entertainment . (id44)
Rock and roll music originated from blues music . (id45)
Rock and roll 's stylistic origins come from Blues . (id45)
Rock and Roll has its stylistic origin in the Blues . (id45)
Synthpop is a form of pop music . (id46)
The stylistic origin of synthpop is pop music . (id46)
Synthpop 's stylistic origins come from pop music . (id46)
People from the United Kingdom are called British people . (id47)
British people is a demonym for people in the United Kingdom . (id47)
The native people of the United Kingdom are known as the British people . (id47)
Guitarist Aaron Deer plays Psychedelia . (id48)
Guitarist Aaron Deer performs music from the Psychedelia genre . (id48)
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music . (id48)
Aaron Deer is from Indiana in the United States . (id49)
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana in the United states . (id49)
Aaron Deer is from the United States , specifically Indiana . (id49)
Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and played with the band Twilight . (id50)
Aaron Turner was with the band Twilight and plays electroacoustic music . (id50)
Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and he played with the band Twilight . (id50)
Aaron Turner sings for a living and uses the musical genre Avant-garde metal . (id51)
Singer Aaron Turner plays Avant-Garde Metal music . (id51)
Aaron Turner is an avant-garde metal music singer . (id51)
Abradab , an artist for the band Kaliber 44 , is associated with Magik ( rapper ) . (id52)
Abradab is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 and he is associated with the rapper Magik . (id52)
Abradab played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik . (id52)
Abradab was born on November 12 , 1978 in Katowice . (id53)
Abradab was born in Katowice on 12th November 1978 . (id53)
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland . (id54)
Abradab was born is Katowice , Poland . (id54)
The birth place of Abradab is Poland , in Katowice . (id54)
Ace Wilder is an exponent of hip hop music , a style that originated from disco . (id55)
Ace Wilder 's musical genre is Hip hop music which has its origins in Disco . (id55)
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco . (id55)
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group . (id56)
Ace Wilder is a solo singer with the record label Warner Music Group . (id56)
Ace Wilder is a solo singer who uses the record label Warner Music group . (id56)
Born in Paraguay , Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records . (id57)
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and is signed to Philips Records . (id57)
Paraguay born Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records . (id57)
Alan Frew is a rock musician , which includes fusion and Bhangra styles . (id58)
Alan Frews ' musical genre is rock music and a type of rock music fusion is Bhangra . (id58)
Alan Frew 's genre is Rock music of which bhangra is a fusion of rock . (id58)
Alan Frew plays rock music , which originated from country music . (id59)
Alan Frew plays rock music which has its roots in country music . (id59)
Alan Frews ' musical genre is rock music , which originated from country music . (id59)
Jazz music originated from blues music . Albennie Jones is a jazz performer . (id60)
The origins of Jazz is Blues and a jazz artist is Albennie Jones . (id60)
Albennie Jones plays Jazz , which originated from Blues music . (id60)
Aleksandra Kovac has been a solo singer , and a performer in the pop music genre . (id61)
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo pop musician singer . (id61)
With a background in solo singing , Aleksandra Kovač , belongs to the musical genre of Pop . (id61)
Aleksandra Kovac plays rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music . (id62)
Aleksandra Kovac plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . (id62)
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and blues , the music that originated from the blues . (id62)
Aleksandra Kovac stared in 1990 and she performs soul music . (id63)
Aleksandra Kovac is a soul music performer who began her musical career in 1990 . (id63)
Aleksandra Kovač began her musical career in 1990 , she performs soul music . (id63)
Alex Day plays Synthpop , which originated from new wave music . (id64)
Alex Day plays Synthpop , which is derived from New Wave music . (id64)
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which has its stylistic origin in new wave music . (id64)
Alfred Garth Jones was in England in 1872 . (id65)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in England . (id65)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872 . (id65)
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa , who started out as a solo singer , is Milonga . (id66)
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Milonga musician , who started out as a solo singer . (id66)
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Milonga stylist . (id66)
Alfredo Zitarrosa , whose background was as a solo singer , is a performer of Taquirari . (id67)
Singer Alfredo Zitarrosa 's musical genre is Taquirari . (id67)
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and is an exponent of Taquirari . (id67)
Alfredo Zitarrosa , was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo . (id68)
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and he died in Montevideo . (id68)
Born in Uruguay , Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo . (id68)
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay . (id69)
Alfredo Zitarrosa 's genre is Zamba which is considered an art form and he started out as a solo singer . (id70)
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Zamba music and started out as a solo singer . (id70)
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and performs Zamba music . (id70)
Alison O'Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak and was also associated with the band Bajik . (id71)
Plastik Mak and Bajik are acts associated with Alison O'Donnell . (id71)
Alison O'Donnell was with the bands Bajik and Plastik Mak . (id71)
Alison O'Donnell is a folk rock musician signed to Floating World Records . (id72)
Alison O'Donnell , a folk rock artist , signed to the record label , Floating World Records . (id72)
Alison O'Donnell 's musical genre is folk rock and her recording label is Floating World Records . (id72)
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who sings and also plays the bodhran , percussion and the autoharp . (id73)
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and is a singer and also plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . (id73)
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music , she plays the bodhran , perscussion , and autoharp in addition to singing . (id73)
Hip Hop artist Allen Forrest is a solo singer . (id74)
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose musical genre is hip hop . (id74)
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is Hip Hop music . (id74)
The musician Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock , the genre which has the sub genre Christian alternative rock . (id75)
Andrew White performs alternative rock music . A sub genre or alternative rock is Christian alternative rock . (id75)
The musician Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock which has the subgenre of Christian alternative rock . (id75)
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and he has worked with Tab Benoit . (id76)
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit and is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends . (id76)
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends as well as Tab Benoit . (id76)
Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne is signed with Rabadash Records . (id77)
Anders Osborne 's genre is Rhythm and blues and he is signed to the Rabadash Records label . (id77)
Anders Osborne genre is Rhythm and blues and his record label is Rabadash Records . (id77)
Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne performs under the Shanachie Records label . (id78)
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music and his record label is Shanachie Records . (id78)
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music and is signed to Shanachie Records . (id78)
Andra began her Pop music singing career in 2000 . (id79)
Andra began her singing career in 2000 and sings pop music . (id79)
Andra is a pop singer who started in 2000 . (id79)
Andra sings rhythm and blues , which originated from blues . (id80)
Andra is a singer of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues . (id80)
Andra performs rhythm and blues music , a style that originated from blues . (id80)
Andrew Rayel , is associated with musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns . (id81)
Andrew Rayel is musically associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn . (id81)
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn . (id81)
Andrew Rayel is associated with both musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma . (id82)
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sima . (id82)
Andrew Rayel has worked musically with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma . (id82)
Andrew Rayel is associated with both the musician Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren . (id83)
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren . (id83)
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist Armin van Buuren . (id83)
The musician Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave music . (id84)
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician . New Wave music was the origin of Alternative rock . (id84)
New wave music is the origin of Alternative rock , which is the genre of Andrew White . (id84)
Al Anderson of NRBQ is a country musician in which genre the banjo features . (id85)
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) performs country music , in which the banjo is one of the instruments . (id85)
Al Anderson of NRBQ performs country music which is a genre of music which uses the banjo . (id85)
Andrew White records under label Polydor Records , who are based in London . (id86)
Andrew White is a musician signed to Polydor Records which are based in London . (id86)
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Polydor Records which is located in London . (id86)
An artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation , Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which plays pop music . (id87)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Suburban Legends , a pop music band . (id87)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends pop music band.He is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation . (id87)
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana , United States and his musical genre is indie rock . (id88)
American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana . (id88)
From Indiana ( United States ) , Aaron Deer 's musical genre is , indie rock . (id88)
Aaron Deer is an American from Indiana who performs Psychedelia music . (id89)
American Aaron Deer , comes from Indiana and performs Psychedelia music . (id89)
American , Aaron Deer , whose genre is Psychedelia , is from Indiana . (id89)
Black Metal music is Aaron Turner 's thing and he plays for Twilight band . Mr. Turner is also associated with Greymachine , the band . (id90)
Aaron Turner ; performs black metal music , played with the band Twilight and played for the Greymachine band . (id90)
Aaron Turner 's music genre is Black Metal and he played with the Twilight band . He is also associated with the Greymachine band . (id90)
Aaron Turner plays drone music and played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine . (id91)
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight , is associated with the group Greymachine , and plays drone music . (id91)
Aaron Turner ; played with the band Twilight , is part of the drone music genre and is associated with the group Greymachine . (id91)
Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Mamiffer . His genre is Ambient music . (id92)
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and performed for Mamiffer . Mr. Turner plays Ambient type music . (id92)
Aaron Turner ; performs ambient music , played with the band Twilight and performs for Mamiffer . (id92)
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar in the Black Metal genre . Death metal is a fusion of black metal . (id93)
Death metal is a musical fusion of the black metal music performed by Aaron Turner on the electric guitar . (id93)
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the music played by electric guitarist , Aaron Turner . (id93)
Black Metal is a genre of Aaron Turner 's music and Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal . (id94)
Aaron Turner is a singer and Black metal musician . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal . (id94)
Abradab who was born on November 12th 1978 is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 and he is with rapper associated with Magri . (id95)
Abradab , born 11/12/1978 , is a member of Kaliber 44 and is associated with rap artist , Magik . (id95)
Born on 12th November , 1978 , Abradab , played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper , Magik . (id95)
Katowice born Abradab has been with the band Kaliber 44 and associated with rapper , Magik . (id96)
Born in Katowice , Abradab , an artist for the band Kaliber 44 , is musically associated with the rapper Magik . (id96)
Abradab comes from Katowice and plays for the Kaliber 44 band . He plays with rapper , Magik . (id96)
Hip hop music , with origins in Disco and Funk , is the genre of musician , Ace Wilder . (id97)
Hip hop is the genre of musician Ace Wilder . Hip Hop derives from Disco and Funk . (id97)
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music . Hip Hop music originates from Funk and has its stylistic origins in disco . (id97)
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , Paraguay which is led by Juan Afara . (id98)
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , Paraguay . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara . (id98)
Al Anderson sings for the band NRBQ and their specialty is Rock music . (id99)
Singer Al Anderson , plays with and is a member of the band NRBQ , the musical genre of which , is Rock music . (id99)
Al Anderson is a singer who plays with the band NRBQ . His genre is rock music . (id99)
Alan Frew 's genre is Rock music , which originated from country music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music . (id100)
The Bhangra music is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music which Alan Frew also plays and whose origins are coming from the folk style . (id100)
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music . (id100)
Albennie Jones plays Jazz music which originated from Blues music . A fusion of Jazz is Afrobeat music . (id101)
Albennie Jones plays jazz which originates from Blues music . Afrobeat music also has elements of Jazz . (id101)
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician . Jazz comes from Blues music and the Afrobeat is a fusion genre of that music . (id101)
Albennie Jones , born in Errata , Mississippi , is a performer of rhythm and blues , of which disco is a derivative . (id102)
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi and performs in the rhythm and blues genre . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues . (id102)
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi and his musical genre is rhythm and blues which is where Disco derives . (id102)
Aleksandra Kovač plays pop music for the K2 band . He knows musician , Bebi Dol . (id103)
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and is part of the band K2 Kovac sisters duo . (id103)
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol , is part of the band K2 ( Kovac sisters duo ) , and musical genre is Pop . (id103)
Aleksandra Kovač , whose musical genre is Pop , is in same band with Kornelije Kovač and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol . (id104)
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac . Her musical genre is Pop . (id104)
Aleksandra Kovač , a performer of pop music , is associated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač . (id104)
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 and has the musical genre of rhythm and blues . She is musically involved with Kristina Kovac . (id105)
Rhythm and Blues artist Aleksandra Kovač is a member of sister duo , K2 , with musician Kristina Kovač . (id105)
The musical genre of Alex Day , is Synthpop , which originated from Disco and has its stylistic origins in pop music . (id106)
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from Disco and stylistically is a type of pop music . (id106)
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop , a form of pop music which originated from Disco . (id106)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England and he passed away in Sidcup . (id107)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England and died in Sidcup . (id107)
Born in Manchester , England , Alfred Garth Jones , died in Sidcup . (id107)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in London in the United Kingdom . He died in London . (id108)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London . (id108)
Alfred Garth Jones , born in England in the U.K. , died in London . (id108)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the UK , and died in London . (id109)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , United Kingdom and he passed away in London . (id109)
Alfred Garth Jones , was born in Manchester , in the United Kingdom and died in London . (id109)
Born in Manchester , Alfred Garth Jones , died in Sidcup . In Manchester The Labour Party leads . (id110)
The Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester , the city of birth of Alfred Garth Jones , who died in Sidcup . (id110)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup . The majority in Manchester is the Labour Party . (id110)
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London ( led by Boris Johnson ) . (id111)
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup in London where Boris Johnson is a leader . (id111)
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . Boris Johnson is a leader in the city . (id111)
Alison O'Donnell played folk music of Ireland for the band Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band . (id112)
Alison O ’ Donnell was in the bands Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet band and Ireland Folk music is the genre she performs . (id112)
Irish Folk musician Alison O'Donnell is part of the Flibbertigibbet band and formerly of Mellow Candle . (id112)
Alison O'Donnell plays folk music and has played with the Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet bands . (id113)
Alison O'Donnell plays Folk music for the Mellow Candle band . He also played for the Flibbertigibbet band . (id113)
Folk music is the genre of Alison O'Donnell , who was in the bands Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band . (id113)
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is a vocalist and also plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . Jazz derives from Funk . (id114)
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music , of which funk is a derivative . She is a musician who uses her voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp . (id114)
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz ( funk is a derivative of Jazz ) performer who sings , plays percussion , autoharp and bodhan . (id114)
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed with Static Caravan Recordings . Jazz is the origin of Funk . (id115)
Funk is a derivative of Jazz , the music Alison O'Donnell plays . Alison O'Donnell recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings . (id115)
Funk is a derivative of Jazz , the music Alison O'Donnell performs . Alison O'Donnell recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings . (id115)
Born in Dothan , Alabama , Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and was a pop artist . (id116)
Born in Dothan , Alabama , Allen Forrest , is a solo singer , who plays pop music . (id116)
Allen Forrest ( Dothan , Alabama ) is a solo singer and an exponent of Pop music . (id116)
Born in Dothan ( Alabama ) , Allen Forrest , started out as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music . (id117)
Rhythm and Blues musician and solo singer Allen Forrest , was born in Dothan , Alabama . (id117)
Allen Forrest , born in Dothan , Alabama , performs rhythm and blues . He was originally a solo singer . (id117)
The musician Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock , which has origins in New wave music and Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock . (id118)
The musician Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock , which has origins in New wave music . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock . (id118)
Musician Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock . (id118)
Anders Osborne has collaborated with Kirk Joseph and is associated with musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit . (id119)
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit and is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Kirk Joseph . (id119)
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Kirk Joseph and also associated with Tab Benoit . (id119)
Anders Osborne , whose genre is rock music , is signed to the Rabadash Records label . A musical fusion of rock music is called bhangra music . (id120)
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Rabadash Records and his genre is rock music . The music Bhangra is part of the genre Rock music fusion . (id120)
Anders Osborne ’ s musical genre is rock music and record label is Rabadash Records . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music . (id120)
Andra , a singer of Dance-pop music , is associated with the band CRBL and the singer Puya . (id121)
Andra is a singer associated with the singer Puya and the band CRBL . Her musical genre is dance pop . (id121)
Andra is a singer and her music genre is Dance-pop . She is associated with the band CRBL and with the singer Puya . (id121)
Rhythm and blues is the genre of singer Andra , who , is associated with musician Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan . (id122)
Rhythm and blues is the genre of the singer , Andra , who is associated with , Marius Moga and Andreea Balan . (id122)
Rhythm and blues singer Andra is associated with musicians Marius Moga and Andreea Balan . (id122)
Starting her career as a solo singer , Andra 's genre is Rhythm and blues , a derivative of which , is Disco . (id123)
Andra is a solo singer who 's genre is Rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues . (id123)
Andra began her career as a solo singer and is a rhythm and blues singer . Disco derives from rhythm and blues . (id123)
Andrew Rayel plays trance music and is associated with Christian Burns and musician , Jonathan Mendelsohn . (id124)
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn . The musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates . (id124)
The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music . He is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns . (id124)
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina . (id125)
Andrew Rayel ( a Trance music artiste ) is an associate of musical artists Bobina and Jonathan Mendelsohn . (id125)
Andrew Rayel , of the music genre trance music , is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina . (id125)
Christian Burns plays house music and is associated with Andrew Rayel . Mr. Rayel is connected with Jwaydan Moyine , musician . (id126)
Musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates and while the latter plays house music , the former is associated with musician Jwaydan Moyine . (id126)
Andrew White , member of the band Kaiser Chiefs , is also associated with artist Marry Banilow . His record label was Universal Records , which is now defunct . (id127)
The band Kaiser Chiefs ' musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow . His record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label . (id127)
Andrew white was once a member of Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow . His record label is the now defunct Universal Records . (id127)
Aaron Bertram , whose musical genre is Ska punk , plays for the Suburban Legends band . Ska punk originated from ska music . (id128)
Ska punk musician Aaron Bertram is in the band Suburban Legends . Ska punk derives from Ska . (id128)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and performs ska punk music , which has its origins in Ska . (id128)
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi in the USA , a country where the African Americans are an ethnic group . (id129)
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi , United States where african americans are an ethnic group . (id129)
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi , United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id129)
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music and is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and also the Suburban Legends band where Brian Robertson is the trombonist . (id130)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band , as well as the Ska Suburban Legends band where trombonist Brian Robertson plays . (id130)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and his musical genre is Ska punk . He also plays for the Suburban Legends band in which Brian Robertson plays the trombone . (id130)
Psychedelia solo singer Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis , Indiana . (id131)
Solo singerAaron Deer , performs Psychedelia music and is from Indianapolis , Indiana . (id131)
Coming from Indianapolis , Indiana , Aaron Deer , has a background as a solo singer and performs Psychedelia music . (id131)
Electroacoustic singer Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Sumac and Isis . (id132)
Singer Aaron Turner plays electro-acoustic music and has played with the bands Isis and Sumac . (id132)
Aaron Turner , a singer who performs electroacoustic music , is with the band Isis and has performed with the group Sumac . (id132)
Aaron Turner started performing post-metal music in 1995 . He played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands . (id133)
Aaron Turner is post-metal musician who started performing in 1995 . He has played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom . (id133)
Aaron Turner played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.He started performing Post metal in 1995 . (id133)
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac and plays Electric guitar . Death metal is a black metal fusion . (id134)
Electric guitar player Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who performed with the band Sumac . Death metal is a fusion of black metal music . (id134)
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and his genre is Black Metal music in which Death metal is a fusion . He performed with the band Sumac . (id134)
Ace Wilder was born July 23 , 1982 in Stockholm and is a solo singer . (id135)
Singer Ace Wilder was born July 23 , 1982 in Stockholm . (id135)
Ace Wilder was born on July 23 , 1982 in Stockholm . He is a solo singer . (id135)
Ace Wilder , born in Sweden on July 23 , 1982 is a solo singer . (id136)
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 1982 . His birthday is the 23rd July . (id136)
Singer Ace Wilder was born July 23 , 1982 in Sweden . (id136)
Songwriter and solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982 . (id137)
Songwriter , Ace Wilder , who has a background as a solo singer , was born in Stockholm , in 1982 . (id137)
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982 . He is also a songwriter . (id137)
The songwriter Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982 . He has a background as a solo singer . (id138)
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982 . He is a solo singer and songwriter . (id138)
Born in 1982 in Sweden , Ace Wilder is a solo singer and songwriter . (id138)
Rhythm and blues performer Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington D.C . He is considered non-performing personnel . (id139)
Ahmet Ertegun from Washington , D.C. , U.S. plays rhythm and blues music . His background is as a non-performing person . (id139)
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D.C , United States.He started out as a non performing personnel in the rhythm and blues . (id139)
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. , the country Ahmet Ertegun was from . He played rock and roll music which stylistic origins come from Blues . (id140)
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country Ahmet Ertegun is from . He plays rock and roll music which has its stylistic origin in the Blues . (id140)
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . His genre is Rock and roll , which has its stylistic origin in the Blues . (id140)
Albennie Jones , performed in the rhythm and blues genre and ended his career in 1950 . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative . (id141)
The musical genre of Albennie Jones is rhythm and blues and he started his career in 1950.Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues and disco is its derivative . (id141)
Ending his career in 1950 , Albennie Jones was a performer of rhythm and blues . This genre originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative . (id141)
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , the country where Albennie Jones was born . Musician , Albennie Jones is a performer of Jazz , the genre which originated its style from Blues music . (id142)
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. , the country where Albennie Jones was born . Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician , a music style that originates from the Blues . (id142)
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated its style from Blues music . Albennie Jones was born in the U.S.A , where on of the ethnic groups , is African Americans . (id142)
Singer and pop musician Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972 , in Belgrade . (id143)
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer of pop music . (id143)
Pop musician and solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 , in Belgrade . (id143)
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia . (id144)
Aleksandra Kovac , who sang rhythm and blues , was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972 . (id144)
Born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia ( 1972 ) , Aleksandra Kovac , a solo singer , is an exponent of Rhythm and blues . (id144)
Alex Day plays acoustic music with the Chameleon Circuit band . He started actively in music in 2006 and is associated with Charlie McDonnell . (id145)
Acoustic musician Alex Day plays with the bands Chameleon Circuit and the musician Charlie McDonnell . His active years in music began in 2006 . (id145)
Acoustic musician Alex Day began in 2006 and is associated with the Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell . (id145)
Alex Day , who is associated with performer Charlie McDonnell , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit . He became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music . (id146)
Chameleon Circuit member and Electronic musician Alex Day began in 2006 and is associated with artist Charlie McDonnell . (id146)
Alex Day performs electronic music and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit . His active musical years started in 2006 and he is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell . (id146)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England in 1872 and died in London . (id147)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 , in Manchester ( England ) and died in London . (id147)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester , England and died in London . (id147)
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay where the natives are known as Uruguayans . The city 's leader is Daniel Martinez . (id148)
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay , where Daniel Martinez is a political leader . Uruguayans is a demonym for Uruguay . (id148)
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . The city 's leader is Daniel Martinez and the country 's inhabitants are known as Uruguayans . (id148)
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and has a background as a solo singer . His musical genre is Candombe and his record label is RCA Records . (id149)
Alfredo Zitarrosa 's birth place was Uruguay and has a recording label in RCA Records.He started out as a solo singer and plays Candombe musical genre . (id149)
With a background as a solo singer , Uruguay born Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label and performed in the musical genre of Candombe . (id149)
Alison O'Donnell 's career began 1963 and she performs folk music . She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and she is associated with Bajik . (id150)
Flibbertigibbet band member , Bajik associate and folk artist , Alison O'Donnell , became active in 1963 . (id150)
Folk musician , Alison O'Donnell ; started performing in 1963 , was with the band Bajik and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band . (id150)
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began in 1963 and is associated withHead South By Weaving and Mellow Candle . (id151)
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell , who began her career in 1963 , has played with the bands Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving . (id151)
Alison O'Donnell began performing folk music in 1963 . She 's been associated with the bands Head South By Weaving and Mellow Candle . (id151)
London Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell records with the Floating World Records label . She is signed to Deram Records . (id152)
Alison O'Donnell was once signed to London based , Deram Records . A jazz musician , Alison O'Donnell is signed with the label , Floating World Records . (id152)
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is the London-based Deram Records . She is signed to the record label `` Floating World Records . `` . (id152)
Alison O'Donnell , who performs jazz , once was signed to Deram Records and another time to Fruits de Mer Records . London is the home to Deram Records . (id153)
Alison O'Donnell , who performs jazz music , was once signed to Fruit de Mer Records and is now signed to London based Deram Records . (id153)
Previously signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records , jazz musician , Alison O'Donnell is signed with the London based , record label , Deram Records . (id153)
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell . in1981 . He is an acoustic solo singer . (id154)
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , in 1981 . Allen Forrest is a solo singer who plays acoustic music . (id154)
Fort Campbell is the birth place of Allen Forrest , who was born in the year 1981 . He is a solo singer who plays acoustic music . (id154)
Solo hip hop performer Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , Kentucky in 1981 and raised in Dothan , Alabama . (id155)
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , KY and raised in Dothan , AL.He was originally a solo singer and performs hip hop music . (id155)
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow . Alternative rock originates from punk rock and is fused into Nu metal . (id156)
The musician Andrew White , who has worked with Marry Banilow , performs alternative rock . Nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock , which has its stylistic origins in punk . (id156)
Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and he plays alternative rock . That type of music originated from punk rock . Nu metal music is a fusion of alternative rock music . (id156)
Rock musician Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and also with the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso . (id157)
An exponent of Rock music , Anders Osborne is associated with musical artist Billy Iuso . He is also associated with Tab Benoit and the band , Galactic . (id157)
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit . He is an exponent of rock music and worked with the Galactic band . (id157)
Anders Osborne was signed to the Shanachie Records label . Anders Osborne was signed to Chicago based , record label , Alligator Records which is associated with the Blues . (id158)
Anders Osborne was signed to the Shanachie Records label as well as Chicago-based blues label Alligator Records . (id158)
Alligator records is based in Chicago and the main genre they deal with is blues . Anders Osborne 's record labels are Alligator Records and Shanachie Records . (id158)
Solo singer Andra was born in Romania and her genre is Dance-pop music . (id159)
Andra was born in Romania . She is a solo singer whose music genre is Dance-pop . (id159)
Anders is a professional Dance-pop music singer.She is a solo singer and was born in Romania . (id159)
The singer Andra 's genre is Rhythm and blue which originated from the blues . Both Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues . (id160)
Rhythm and blues originates from the blues and lends itself to disco and funk . Andra is an R & B singer . (id160)
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer . Originating from blues music , rhythm and blues has funk and disco as derivatives . (id160)
Andrew Rayel , who began his musical career in 2009 , plays trance music . He has worked with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn . (id161)
Trance musician Andrew Rayel began his career in 2009 and is associated with artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns . (id161)
In 2009 Andrew Rayel started his music career . He played Trance music . Mr. Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn . (id161)
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine . Trance comes from house music . (id162)
Andrew Rayel performs trance music , a style that originated from house music . He is associates with Christian Burns and is associated with Jwaydan Moyine . (id162)
Musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns are associated with Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is trance music , which has its origins in House music . (id162)
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and his genre is alternative rock . He is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs and he is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow . (id163)
Alternative rock performer Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 . He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with musical artist Marry Banilow . (id163)
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow . He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and his genre is alternative rock . (id163)
Kaiser Chiefs band member , Andrew White , started his musical career in 2003 . Andrew White , who is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow , used to be with the record label Universal records which is now a defunct label . (id164)
Musician Andrew White began in 2003 and is associated with artists Marry Banilow and the Kaiser Chiefs . He was signed to the defunct Universal records . (id164)
Andrew White , who began his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow , was signed to the now defunct record label Universal Records . He was a member of the band The Kaiser Chiefs . (id164)
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción , in Paraguay , the country led by Juan Afara . (id165)
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción , The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara . (id165)
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay which is led by Juan Afra . He died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asuncion . (id165)
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and his musical genre is country music , in which banjo is an instrument . He also played once with The Wildweeds . (id166)
Country musician Al Anderson , twho plays with the band NRBQ , played once with The Wildweeds . The Banjo instrument is closely associated with country music . (id166)
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) performs country music and also was a member of the Wildweeds . Banjo is used for Country Music . (id166)
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which comes from disco and funk . Drums and bass get their sounds from hip hop music . (id167)
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco and its stylistic origins in funk . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music . (id167)
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk . Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop . (id167)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , Greater Manchester , England . The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester . (id168)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , Great Manchester , England , where the majority is the Labour Party . (id168)
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester , ( part of Greater Manchester ) , England . In Manchester the Labour Party is in the majority . (id168)
Post-metal cellist , Aaron Turner , played with both Twilight and House of Low Culture . (id169)
Aaron Turner is a performer of the musical genre Post metal , which uses cello as a musical instrument.He played with Twilight and House of Low Culture bands . (id169)
Aaron Turner played post-metal music with the Twilight band . He also played with the House of Low Culture . Cello is a post-metal instrument . (id169)
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight . Death metal is a black metal fusion . (id170)
Black metal electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of Twilight . Black metal is the basis for death metal fusion . (id170)
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and played with the band Twilight . Twilight performs black metal music which when part of a musical fusion is called death metal . (id170)
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the U.S. , home to African Americans . R & B has its roots in blues . (id171)
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Albennie Jones was born . Albennie Jones performs in the rhythm and blues genre which originated from blues music . (id171)
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the United States . R and B originated from the blues and among the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans . (id171)
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician , a genre that originated from punk rock . He is an artist with Kids Imagine Nation and also plays for Suburban Legends Band . Brian Robertson plays the trombone for Suburban Legends . (id172)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation and for the Suburban Legends , where Brian Robertson is a trombonist . Aaron Bertram 's musical genre is ska , which has its origins in punk rock . (id172)
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends bands , where he performs ska punk music , a form of punk rock . Brian Robertson , a trombonist , is a band member of Suburban Legends . (id172)
American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana . He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant . (id173)
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock soloist , formerly a member of Wee Giant . He was born in Indiana , USA . (id173)
Aaron Deer comes from Indiana , having been born in the United States . He is a solo singer/ performer of the musical genre indie rock , and is an artist for the Wee Giant band . (id173)
Aaron Turner , whose origin is the United States , started performing in 1995 . Aaron Turner ; performs black metal music , played for Old Man Gloom and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band . (id174)
Black Metal musician and United States born Aaron Turner started his career in 1995 . He is associated with the bands Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters . (id174)
Aaron Turner came from the U.S . He is a Black metal musician who started performing in 1995 . He plays in the Lotus Eaters band having previously performed with Old Man Gloom . (id174)
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995 . He formerly played with the band Twilight and is now in the Lotus Eaters . He is is closely associated with the sludge metal genre . (id175)
Massachusetts born Sludge metal musician , Aaron Turner , began performing in 1995 . He has played with Twilight and has been with the Lotus Eaters band . (id175)
Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts . He is a musician who loves Sludge metal and played with the band Twilight as well as the Lotus Eater 's Band , in 1995 . (id175)
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland on Novembe 12 , 1978 . He played with Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik . (id176)
Abradab was born on November 12th 1978 , in Katowice , Poland . He is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik . (id176)
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland on 12 November 1978 . He is associated with the rapper Magik and played with the Kaliber 44 band . (id176)
Ace Wilder has a musical background as a solo singer was born on July 23rd , 1982 , in Sweden . (id177)
Ace Wilder 's occupation is a solo singer . He was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982 . (id177)
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born on July 23 , 1982 in the country of Sweden . (id177)
Ace Wilder , a solo singer and songwriter , was born on July 23 , 1982 in Stockholm . (id178)
Ace Wilder was born 23rd July 1972 in Stockholm . He is a solo singer and songwriter . (id178)
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23 , 1982 . He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer . (id178)
Ace Wilder 's musical genre is Hip hop . Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk and Disco , and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music , which has a subgénre Gangsta rap . (id179)
Hip hop originates from disco and funk while influencing drum & bass , with a subgenre of Gangsta rap . Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician . (id179)
Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician . Hip hop originates from funk and disco . Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop and drum and bass is a derivative of it . (id179)
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which originated from Funk and Disco . Ace Wilder , who was born in Sweden , plays the musical genre of hip hop . (id180)
Sweden is the birthplace of Hip hop musician Ace Wilder . Drum and bass genre music come from hip hop , which has origins in funk and disco . (id180)
Hip hop musician Ace Wilder was born in Sweden . Hip hop has its origins in Funk and disco while being an influence on Drum and Bass . (id180)
Al Anderson ( of the rock music band NRBQ ) played once with The Wildweeds , was born in Windsor , Connecticut , and became active in 1966 . (id181)
Musician Al Anderson was born in Windsor Connecticut and began his career in 1966 . He was a member of the band The Wildweeds and is now part of the rock group NRBQ . (id181)
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country music and is an element of the fusion genre Bhangra . (id182)
Al Anderson is a guitarist and rock musician with the band NRBQ . Rock originates from country music and is an influence on the fusion style of Bhangra . (id182)
Alan Frew , who is from Newmarket , Ontario , ( Canada , was born in Coatbridge . He is a musician and solo singer . (id183)
Singer Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge but is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . (id183)
Alan Frew is from Coatbridge , Newmarket , Ontario , Canada and he is a musician and solo singer . (id183)
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo pop music singer who was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia . Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music . (id184)
Pop singer Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972 , in the Socialist Republic of Serbia . Disco is a fusion style originating from pop . (id184)
Pop music solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 , in the Socialist Republic of Serbia . Disco is a fusion of pop music . (id184)
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač became musically active in 1990 . She is in same band as Kornelije Kovač , part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and also has a solo career . (id185)
Rhythm and blues solo singer Aleksandra Kovac began in 1990 , is a member of sister duo K2 and is associated with Kornelije Kovač . (id185)
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač , began her career circa 1990 and is a member of the duo K2 , with Kornelije Kovač . (id185)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester , England in the U.K . He died in London . (id186)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England in 1872.He passed away in London . (id186)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England in the United Kingdom in 1872 . He died in London . (id186)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup , London . Boris Johnson is a leader in London , who 's leader is the European Parliament . (id187)
Manchester born Alfred Garth Jones , died in Sidcup , London . Boris Johnson and the European Parliament lead London . (id187)
Alfred Garth Jones was Sidcup was born in Manchester and died , in Boris Johnson and European Parliament led , Sidcup , London . (id187)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup , London . The leader of London is the European Parliament , and the leader of Manchester is The Labour Party ( UK ) . (id188)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup , London ( led by the European Parliament ) . Manchester is led the Labour Party . (id188)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and passed away in Sidcup , London.The Labour Party is the leader of Manchester.The European parliament is the leader of London . (id188)
Alison O'Donnell , a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and the Mellow Candle band , played folk music of Ireland becoming active in her career in 1963 . Alison signed to Floating World Records . (id189)
Floating World Records recording , Ireland , artist Alison O'Donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle . (id189)
Ireland folk musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to Floating World Records and became active in 1963 . She is associated with the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle . (id189)
Alison O'Donnell plays jazz music , where Funk is a derivative and has sign for Stanyan Records label as well as Deram records based in London . (id190)
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music , of which funk is a derivative . She was signed to Deram Records in London but is now signed to Stanyan Records . (id190)
Funk is derived from jazz music as performed by Alison O Donnell . She is signed with the record label Stanyan Records and also Deram Records which is based in London . (id190)
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz . Funk is a derivative of Jazz which has its stylistic origins in folk music . Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and can play the autoharp . (id191)
Alison O'Donnell , who plays the autoharp , is a performer of jazz , which has its origins on folk music . Jazz has a derivative called funk and a fusion genre named Afrobeat . (id191)
Alison O'Donnell is a singer who plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp and also performs jazz music . Funk is derived from Jazz and Afrobeat music is a fusion of Jazz music . Blues music influenced Jazz music . (id192)
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell uses voice , , bodhran , percussion and the autoharp . Afrobeat and Funk originate from Jazz , which comes from the Blues . (id192)
Jazz singer Alison O'Donnell plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp . Jazz derives from funk and blues while being an influence on funk and Afrobeat fusion . (id192)
Allen Forrest was a solo acoustic singer and was born in the year 1981 , in Dothan ( Fort Campbell ) , Alabama . (id193)
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , Dothan , Alabama in 1981 . He is a solo singer who performs acoustic music . (id193)
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , Dothan , Alabama in 1981 . He plays acoustic music and has a background as a solo singer . (id193)
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who career began in 1989 ; he is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso , the band Galactic , and with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars . (id194)
Rock musician Anders Osborne began his career in 1989 and has been associated with the bands Galactic and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and the musical artist Billy Iuso . (id194)
Anders Osborne , a rock musician , started performing in 1989 and has worked with Galactic and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars band . Mr. Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso . (id194)
Anders Osborne musical career began in 1989 . His career began in the blue 's genre . He has been associated with the band , Galactic as well as Tab Benoit . Osborne also has ties to fellow musician Billy Iuso . (id195)
Blues artist Anders Osborne began in 1989 and is associated with artists Tab Benoit , Galactic and Billy Iuso . (id195)
Anders Osborne began his Blues musical career in 1989 and has worked with Galactic , Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso . (id195)
Andra was born in Campia , Turzii in 1986 . She is a Dance-pop music singer and makes a living as a singer and reality television judge . (id196)
Andra , a dance pop singer and a solo singer , was born in Campia Turzii in 1986 . She makes her living as a singer and a reality tv judge . (id196)
Andra is a dance-pop singer who was born in Campia , Turzii in 1986 . She began her career as a solo singer and makes her living as a singer and reality television judge . (id196)
Solo singer , Andra , was born in 1986 , in Romania . Andra is a rhythm and blues singer whose occupation is singing . (id197)
The Rhythm and blues solo singer musician Andra , was born 1986 , in Romania . (id197)
The singer Andra was born in Romania in 1986 and performs rhythm and blues as a solo artist . (id197)
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop music . He Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Bobina , Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . (id198)
Andrew Rayel is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi . His musical genre is Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop . (id198)
Andrew Rayel , who was born in Chisinau , Moldova , started his career in 2009 and his musical genre is trance music . He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren . (id199)
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova . He began his musical career in 2009 and has performed the genre of Trance music . He is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren and with Christian Burns . (id199)
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau Moldova . He 's an associate of Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns . Mr Rayel 's musical genre is Trance which he started in 2009 . (id199)
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began as a musician performing Trance Music in 2009 . He is associated with musicians , Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina . (id200)
Andrew Rayel was worn in Chisinau , Moldova and began performing in 2009 . He is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina and performs trance music . (id200)
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began his Trance Music career in 2009 . He is associated with jwaydan Moyine and Bobina . (id200)
Trance music performer Andrew Rayel was a string instrumentalist . He 's associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn knows John Digweed . (id201)
Trance string instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with musicians John Digweed , Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine . (id201)
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel , who performs Trance music , is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine , the latter of which has worked with the musical artist John Digweed . (id201)
The musician Andrew White is part of the Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records . He started his musical career in 2003 and was associated with Marry Banilow . (id202)
B-Unique Records and Polydor Recording artist Andrew White began his career in 2003 . He is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow . (id202)
B-Unique Records and Polydor Records artist Andrew White began in 2003 and is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and artist Marry Banilow . (id202)
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its origins in both Funk and Disco . Hip hop music is the musical genre of Allen Forrest , who was born in Fort Campbell . (id203)
Born in Fort Campbell , Allen Forrest is a performer of hip hop music , which originated from funk and disco . Drum and bass has its origins in hip hop . (id203)
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a hip hop musician . Hip hop originates from funk and disco and was derived into drum and bass music . (id203)
1981 born Allen Forrest 's genre , is Hip Hop music , which originated from funk and disco and drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music . (id204)
Allen Forrest , a hip hop musician , was born in the year 1981 . That music genre gets its origins from Disco and Funk music . Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music . (id204)
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 and plays Hip Hop music . Hip hop originated from disco and funk musics . Drum and bass gets its sounds from hip hop . (id204)
The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester , the birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones . Alfred Garth Jones died in . Sidcup , in London which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom . (id205)
Alfred Garth Jones , born in Manchester , died in Sidcup , London . Manchester is led by the UK , Labour Party and London is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom . (id205)
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , where the Labour party is in the majority and died in Sidcup , London . Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London . (id205)
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , in Paraguay . The country which has an ethnic group called the Mestizo . it is also the country where Spanish is spoken and which is led by Juan Afara . (id206)
Agustin Barboza was born in Spanish speaking Asuncion , Paraguay , home of the Mestizo . Paraguay is led by Juan Afara . (id206)
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay where the people speak Spanish . Juan Afara leads the country and an ethnic group in Paraguay are the Mestizo people . (id206)
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records in London . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock . (id207)
Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock and he is signed to B-Unique Records and Polydor Records which is in London . Nu metal is a music fusion of alternative rock . (id207)
Musician Andrew White , is signed to the record label B-Unique Records and is signed to the London based , record label , Polydor Records . His genre is alternative rock , the fusion genre of which , is Nu metal . (id207)
The musician Andrew White 's record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label . His record label is Polydor Records which is located in London . Andrew White 's genre is alternative rock , the music fusion genre of which , is Nu metal . (id208)
Alternative rock musician Andrew White was signed with Universal but is now with London 's Polydore Records . Nu metal is an alternative rock fusion . (id208)
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician with Polydor Records and was once with Universal Records . Polydor Records is in London . Nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock sounds . (id208)
Al Anderson plays the guitar in the rock music band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country music , which originated from blues music ; The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music . (id209)
Rock guitarist AI Anderson is a member of NRBQ . Rock originates from rock which has its origins in country which derives from the blues . Bhangra is a rock fusion . (id209)
Al Anderson plays the guitar for rock band NRBQ . Rock comes from country music which originates from blues . Bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock music . (id209)
Al Anderson plays with the rock band NRBQ . Rock has its origiins in the blues and country music , where the banjo is played , and Bhangra is a rock fusion . (id210)
The banjo is a staple of country music , the origin of rock , which is also inspired by the Blues . Rock lends itself to bhangra and is the style of Al Anderson and NRBQ . (id210)
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player who has played with the black metal band Twilight and with Old Man Gloom . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal . (id211)
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner played with black metal band Twilight and Old Man Gloom . Death metal is a fusion of blck metal . (id211)
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and played with the black metal Twilight band and the Old Man Gloom band . A fusion of black metal is called Death metal . (id211)
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . Daniel Martinez is a political leader in Montevideo , and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez is a leader in Uruguay , where Spanish is spoken . (id212)
Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader of Spanish speaking , Uruguay . Daniel Martinez is the leader of Montevideo , the final resting place of Alfredo Zitarrosa . (id212)
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , the leader of which , is Daniel Martinez . Montevideo is in Uruguay , where Spanish is the language and where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader . (id212)
